--- Page 1 ---
Instruction Manual
Manual de Instrucciones
Before using this product, carefully read all product documentation and retain it for future reference.
Antes de utilizar este producto, lea detenidamente toda la documentación del producto y consérvela para consultarla en el futuro.
CECH-2501A 4-198-819-12(1)

--- Page 2 ---
WARNING
To avoid electrical shock, do not open the cabinet. Refer This equipment complies with FCC/IC radiation exposure limits set forth for
uncontrolled equipment and meets the FCC radio frequency (RF) Exposure
servicing to qualified personnel only.
Guidelines in Supplement C to OET65 and RSS-102 of the IC radio frequency (RF)
Exposure rules. This equipment should be installed and operated with at least 20
Caution cm (8 in) and more between the radiator and person’s body (excluding
extremities: hands, wrists, feet and legs).
Use of controls or adjustments or performance of
This transmitter must not be co-located or operated in conjunction with any other
procedures other than those specified herein may result in antenna or transmitter.
hazardous radiation exposure. The wireless controller complies with FCC/IC radiation exposure limits set forth for
uncontrolled equipment and meets the FCC radio frequency (RF) Exposure
The use of optical instruments with this product will Guidelines in Supplement C to OET65 and RSS-102 of the IC radio frequency (RF)
increase eye hazard. Exposure rules. This equipment has very low levels of RF energy that are deemed
to comply without testing of specific absorption ratio (SAR).
NOTE:
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B
digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC rules. These limits are designed to
provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential
installation. This equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio frequency
This appliance is classified as a CLASS 1 LASER product under IEC60825- energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may
1:2007. cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no
guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this
equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which
can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged
to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures:
− Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
− Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
− Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the
receiver is connected.
− Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.
You are cautioned that any changes or modifications not expressly approved by
the party responsible for compliance could void the user’s authority to operate the
equipment.
2

--- Page 3 ---

WARNING
If you have questions about this product, call our technical support line at Photosensitivity/Epilepsy/Seizures
1-800-45-7669 or write to:
Sony Computer Entertainment America A very small percentage of individuals may experience epileptic seizures or US
Consumer Services/Technical Support blackouts when exposed to certain light patterns or flashing lights. Exposure to
PO Box 5888, San Mateo, CA 94402-0888 U.S.A. certain patterns or backgrounds on a television screen or when playing video
games may trigger epileptic seizures or blackouts in these individuals. These
Declaration of Conformity
conditions may trigger previously undetected epileptic symptoms or seizures in
Trade Name : SONY persons who have no history of prior seizures or epilepsy. If you, or anyone in your
Model No. : CECH-2501A family, has an epileptic condition or has had seizures of any kind, consult your
physician before playing.
Responsible Party : Sony Electronics Inc.
Address : 1650 Via Esprillo
San Diego, CA 92127 U.S.A. IMMEDIATELY DISCONTINUE use and consult your physician before resuming
gameplay if you or your child experience any of the following health problems or
Telephone No. : 858-942-220
symptoms:
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules and RSS-Gen of IC
 dizziness,
Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1) this device
may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any  altered vision,
interference received, including interference that may cause undesired  eye or muscle twitches,
operation of this device.
 loss of awareness,
 disorientation,
 seizures, or
 any involuntary movement or convulsion.
RESUME GAMEPLAY ONLY ON APPROVAL OF YOUR PHYSICIAN.
Use and handling of video games to reduce the likelihood of a
seizure
 Use in a well-lit area and keep as far away as possible from the television
screen.
About the lithium coin memory back-up battery  Avoid large screen televisions. Use the smallest television screen available.
 Avoid prolonged use of the PS™ system. Take a 15-minute break during each
The lithium coin memory back-up battery inside this product contains Perchlorate.
hour of play.
The following statement is required by the State of California, USA:
 Avoid playing when you are tired or need sleep.
Perchlorate Material - special handling may apply, See
http://www.dtsc.ca.gov/hazardouswaste/perchlorate

--- Page 4 ---
WARNING
Radio waves PlayStation and PlayStation 2 format software
® ®
Radio waves may affect electronic equipment or medical devices (for example, This model of the PlayStation® system is designed to play PlayStation® format
pacemakers), which may cause malfunctions and possible injuries. software and has limited backward compatibility. This system is not compatible
 If you use a pacemaker or other medical device, consult your physician or the with and will not play PlayStation®2 format software. Some PlayStation® format
manufacturer of your medical device before using the wireless networking software may play on this system. For more information, visit
feature (Bluetooth® and wireless LAN). www.us.playstation.com.
 Do not use the wireless networking feature in the following locations:
– Areas where wireless network use is prohibited, such as in hospitals. Abide System software
by medical institution regulations when using the system on their premises.
The system software included within this product is subject to a limited license
– Areas near fire alarms, automatic doors and other types of automated
from Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. Refer to http://www.scei.co.jp/ps-eula for
equipment.
further details.
3D images
About national export control
Some people may experience discomfort (such as eye strain, eye fatigue, or
This product may fall within the scope of national export control legislation. You
nausea) while watching D video images or playing stereoscopic D games on
must comply fully with the requirements of such legislation and of all other
D televisions. If you experience such discomfort you should immediately
applicable laws of any jurisdiction in relation to this product.
discontinue use of your television until the discomfort subsides.
SCE recommends that all viewers take regular breaks while watching D video, or
playing stereoscopic D games. The length and frequency of necessary breaks Notice about U.S. Export Administration Regulations
may vary from person to person – please take breaks that are long enough to
allow any feelings of discomfort to subside. If symptoms persist, consult your This product contains software that is subject to certain restrictions under the U.S.
physician. Export Administration Regulations, and may not be exported or re-exported to
U.S. embargoed destinations. In addition this product may not be exported or
The vision of young children (especially those under six years old) is still under
re-exported to persons and entities prohibited by the U.S. Export Administration
development. Consult with a physician (such as a pediatrician or eye doctor)
Regulations.
before allowing a young child to watch D video images or play stereoscopic D
games. When using any D enabled device with your PlayStation® system you
should read the instruction manual for that device and visit
www.us.playstation.com/support/D for updated information.
4

--- Page 5 ---
5
Table
of
contents
Table of contents
Connecting to the Internet ........................................................32
WARNING .........................................................................................2
Using the Internet browser .............................................................32
Precautions .......................................................................................6
Viewing the user’s guide ................................................................32 US
Online information about the PS3™ system ...................................10
XMB™ (XrossMediaBar) menu .......................................................11
Creating a PlayStation®Network account .......................................32
PS3™ system updates .............................................................33
Part names ...............................................................................12
Using the on-screen keyboard ..................................................34
Getting started ..........................................................................13
Parental control ........................................................................35
Connection methods ......................................................................13
Performing initial setup of the system software ..............................15
Replacing the hard disk ............................................................36
Video output on the PS3™ system ................................................16
Connecting digital audio devices ...................................................20 Backing up data .............................................................................36
Removing the hard disk .................................................................37
Turning the PS3™ system on and off .......................................21 Replacing the hard disk .................................................................39
Reinstalling the system software ...................................................40
Using the wireless controller .....................................................22 Restoring data that has been backed up .......................................40
Transferring data to another PS3™ system /
Playing content .........................................................................24
restoring the system .................................................................42
Blu-ray Disc (BD)/DVD/CD .............................................................24
Playing content on USB devices ....................................................25 Transferring data to another PS3™ system ...................................42
File formats that can be played or viewed ......................................25 Restoring the PS3™ system ..........................................................42
Before disposing of or transferring the PS3™ system ...................42
Playing games ..........................................................................26
Before requesting service .........................................................43
Game compatibility ........................................................................26
Playing games ...............................................................................26
Controller settings ..........................................................................27
Saved data for PlayStation®3 format software ...............................27 Specifications ..................................................................................48
Saved data for PlayStation® format software .................................27 LIMITED HARDWARE WARRANTY AND LIABILITY .....................53
Copyright and trademarks ...............................................................55
Adjusting network settings ........................................................28
Adjusting network settings (wired) .................................................29
Adjusting network settings (wireless) .............................................29
Adjusting custom settings ..............................................................31

--- Page 6 ---
Precautions
Before using this product, carefully read all the precautions.  Any TV or component connected to the system must be functioning properly
and free of defects. If a TV or component connected to the system is faulty or
defective, it may cause damage to the TV or component, or to the system itself.
Safety
As with all electrical products, connection to faulty or defective components, or
the failure to connect to a properly wired outlet, may cause sparking and pose
This product has been designed with the highest concern for safety. However, any
a fire hazard.
electrical device, if used improperly, has the potential for causing fire, electrical
shock or personal injury. To help ensure accident-free operation, follow these  Do not touch the system or connected cables or accessories during an
guidelines: electrical storm.
 Observe all warnings, precautions and instructions.  Do not use the system or accessories near water.
 Regularly inspect the AC power cord for damage.  Do not allow liquid, small particles or other foreign objects to get into the
system or accessories.
 Stop use, unplug the AC power cord from the electrical outlet and disconnect
any other cables immediately if the device functions in an abnormal manner,  Do not touch the connectors of the system or accessories.
produces unusual sounds or smells or becomes too hot to touch.  Do not expose the system or accessories to dust, smoke or steam. Also, do not
 For more information on product safety and support, visit our website ( back place the system in an area subject to excessive dust or cigarette smoke. Dust
cover). build-up or cigarette smoke residue on the internal components (such as the
lens) may cause the system to malfunction.
 Do not expose the system or accessories to high temperatures, high humidity
Use and handling
or direct sunlight.
 Use in a well-lit area and keep as far away as possible from the television  Do not place the system or accessories on surfaces that are unstable, tilted or
subject to vibration.
screen.
 Avoid prolonged use of the PS™ system and wireless controller.  Do not set the system other than in the vertical or horizontal position. When
setting the system in the vertical position, use the vertical stand (sold
 Stop using the system immediately if you begin to feel tired or if you experience separately) for this model of the system. Also, do not change the position of the
discomfort or pain in your hands or arms while operating the wireless controller. system while it is turned on.
If the condition persists, consult a doctor.
 Be careful when carrying the system. If you do not have a good grip, the
 If you experience any of the following health problems, discontinue use of the system may drop causing potential damage or injury.
system immediately. If symptoms persist, consult with your physician.
 Do not move or change the position of the system with a disc inserted. The
− Dizziness, nausea, fatigue or symptoms similar to motion sickness vibration may result in scratching of the disc or the system.
− Discomfort or pain in a part of the body, such as eyes, ears, hands or arms
 Do not turn off the system while data is being saved on or loaded from the hard
 Keep the system and accessories, including cable ties and fasteners, out of the disk.
reach of small children.
 Do not stand on or put objects on the system, and do not stack the system with
 Do not connect cables other than a USB cable while the system is turned on other devices.
(power indicator is lit solid green).
6

--- Page 7 ---
7
Precautions
 Do not place the system and connected accessories on the floor or in a place – When using the controller, grip it firmly to make sure it cannot slip out of your
where they may cause someone to trip or stumble. hand.
 Do not allow bodily contact with the system or air from the system vents for an – If using a controller that is connected to the PS™ system with a USB cable, US
extended period of time while in use. Extended contact under these conditions make sure there is enough space for the cable so that the cable will not hit a
may cause low-temperature burns. person or object. Also, take care to avoid pulling the cable out of the PS™
system while using the controller.
 When connecting the system to a plasma or projection* TV, do not leave a still
image on the TV screen for an extended period of time, as this may leave a * These notes also apply to other controllers.
faint image permanently on the screen.
* Except LCD screen types Vents
 Parents are encouraged to monitor children in online activities to ensure safe
and responsible Internet usage. Do not block any vents. To maintain good ventilation, follow the guidelines below:
 Place the system at least 10 cm (4 in) away from a wall surface.
Notes on safety when using the DUALSHOCK 3  Do not place on a carpet or rug with long fibers.
®
Wireless Controller*  Do not place in a narrow or cramped space.
 Do not cover with cloth.
 Stop using the system immediately if you begin to feel tired or if you experience
 Do not allow dust to build up on the vents.
discomfort or pain in your hands or arms while operating the DUALSHOCK®
Wireless Controller. If the condition persists, consult a doctor.
 The vibration function of the DUALSHOCK® Wireless Controller can aggravate AC power cord use
injuries. Do not use the vibration function if you have any ailment or injury to the
bones, joints or muscles of your hands or arms. If you have an ailment or an  Any TV or component connected to the system must be functioning properly
injury, do not play software titles that contain the vibration function using the and free of defects. If a TV or component is faulty or defective, it may cause
DUALSHOCK® Wireless Controller unless you have set the vibration function damage to the TV or component, or to the system itself. As with all electrical
to [Off]. products, connection to faulty or defective components, or the failure to
connect to a properly wired outlet, may cause sparking and pose a fire hazard.
 Avoid prolonged use of the DUALSHOCK® Wireless Controller. Take a break at
about 0-minute intervals.  Do not plug the AC power cord for the system into an electrical outlet until you
have made all other connections. Make sure the TV or other component is
 Note that some software titles set the vibration function to [On] by default. To
unplugged from the electrical outlet prior to connecting it to the system.
disable the vibration function, press the PS button of the controller, and then
select [Controller Settings] [Vibration Function] [Off]  To help ensure safe operation, regularly inspect the AC power cord. If
damaged, stop use immediately and contact SCEA Consumer Services
 When using the motion sensor function of the wireless controller, be cautious of
( back cover).
the following points. If the controller hits a person or object, this may cause
accidental injury or damage.  Do not use a power cord other than the supplied AC power cord. Do not modify
the cord.
– Before using, check that there is plenty of space around you.

--- Page 8 ---
Precautions
 Do not touch the plug of the AC power cord with wet hands.  Do not use a cord for a standard residential telephone line or cables of types
 Protect the AC power cord from being walked on or pinched particularly at other than those mentioned here. Using the wrong type of cord or cable can
plugs, expansion receptacles and the point where the cord exits from the cause more electrical current than necessary to flow through the LAN
system. connector, which may lead to heat build-up, fire or malfunction.
 Do not place heavy items on the cord.
 Do not place the AC power cord near heating equipment and do not expose Wireless networking feature
the cord to heat.
 The 2.4 GHz range of radio waves used by the wireless networking feature of
 Unplug the AC power cord from the electrical outlet before cleaning or moving
this product is a range shared by various devices. This product has been
the system, or when you do not intend to use the system for an extended period
designed to minimize the effect of other devices using the same range.
of time. When disconnecting, grasp the power cord by the plug and pull
However, in some cases interference from other devices may reduce the
straight out of the electrical outlet. Never pull by the cord and do not pull out at
connection speed, shorten the signal range or cause the connection to be
an angle.
terminated unexpectedly.
 Do not connect the AC power cord to a voltage transformer or inverter.
 When using the PS™ system’s scan function to select a wireless LAN access
Connecting the AC power cord to a voltage transformer for overseas travel or
point, access points that are not intended for public use may be displayed.
an inverter for use in an automobile may cause heat to build up in the system
Only connect to an access point that you are authorized to use.
and may cause burns or a malfunction.
Moisture condensation
Never disassemble or modify the system or accessories
If the system or disc is brought directly from a cold location to a warm one,
Use the PS™ system and accessories according to the instructions in the
moisture may condense on the lens inside the system or on the disc. Should this
product documentation. No authorization for the analysis or modification of the
occur, the system may not operate properly. In this case, remove the disc and
system or accessories, or the analysis and use of its circuit configurations, is
turn off and unplug the system. Do not put the disc back in until the moisture
provided. Unauthorized modification of the system or accessories will void your
evaporates (this may take several hours). If the system still does not operate
warranty. There are no user serviceable components inside the PS™ system (the
properly, contact SCEA Consumer Services ( back cover) for assistance.
supplied hard disk may be removed but not disassembled or modified).
Additionally, there is a risk of exposure to laser radiation as well as to electrical
shock. Cleaning
For safety reasons, before cleaning the system or connected accessories,
Network
disconnect the AC power cord from the electrical outlet.
 A broadband connection is required to access the Internet. Note that dial-up
connectivity is not supported.
 User is responsible for Internet service fees. For details, refer to the information
provided in your service contract or contact your Internet service provider.
8

--- Page 9 ---
9
Precautions
Exterior surfaces (plastic cover of system and wireless Storage
controller)  Do not expose discs to high temperatures, high humidity or direct sunlight.
US
Follow the instructions below to help prevent the product exterior from  When discs will not be used for an extended period of time, store them in their
deteriorating or becoming discolored. cases. Stacking uncased discs or storing them at an angle can cause them to
 Wipe with a soft, dry cloth. warp.
 Do not place any rubber or vinyl materials on the product exterior for an
Cleaning method
extended period of time.
 Do not use solvents or other chemicals. Do not wipe with a chemically-treated  Clean discs with a soft cloth, lightly wiping from the center
cleaning cloth. outwards.
 Do not use solvents, record cleaners, anti-static spray or other
Vents chemicals as these can damage the discs.
When dust accumulates in the system vents, remove the dust with a low-powered
vacuum cleaner.
Discs
Note on compatibility
Some media may have region or territorial restrictions and may not work with your
system. See media packaging for details.
Handling
 Do not touch the disc surface when handling a disc; hold it by the edges.
 Do not stick paper or tape onto discs and do not write on discs.
 Fingerprints, dust, dirt or scratches on the disc can distort the picture or reduce
sound quality. Always handle carefully and check that discs are clean before
use.

--- Page 10 ---
Online information about the PS3™ system Friends
This manual explains hardware features and provides basic information about how to
Chatting and exchanging messages
set up and operate the PS™ system, including warnings and precautions for the safe
and proper use of the system. For up-to-date information regarding the PS™ system,
PlayStation Network
you can also access the following information available on the Internet. ®
Online user’s guide h ttp://manuals.playstation.net/document/ Using PlayStation®Network services
This guide contains detailed information about using the PS™ system software.
Network
System software updates w ww.us.playstation.com/ps3
This site provides the latest information about system software updates.
Connecting to the Internet
PlayStation®3 official site w ww.us.playstation.com/ps3
The official site for PlayStation® products provides the latest information about software titles and Game
hardware accessories.
Playing games
Support w ww.us.playstation.com/support
The official site for PlayStation® product support provides the latest questions and answers about
Video
your product.
Playing video
Music
Check that you have all of the following items. If any items are missing, contact Playing music
SCEA Consumer Services ( back cover).
Photo
 PlayStation® system
Displaying images
 DUALSHOCK® Wireless Controller
 AC Power Cord Settings
 AV Cable
 USB Cable Adjusting PS™ system settings
 Printed materials Users
Information about system functionality published in this document may vary from the information Selecting users to log in to the PS™
for your PS™ system, depending on the system software version in use. system
10

--- Page 11 ---
XMB (XrossMediaBar) menu
™
Category
11
Item
The PS™ system includes a user interface called XMB™ (XrossMediaBar).
PS button : button:
Displays the XMB™ menu Displays the options
Turns the system on/off menu/control panel
Quits a game button:
Cancel an operation
button:
Directional buttons:
Confirm the selected
Used to select on-screen
item
categories/items
Options menu Control panel
Displayed by selecting an icon and Displayed by pressing the button during
pressing the button content playback

--- Page 12 ---
Part names
System front / rear DUALSHOCK 3 Wireless Controller
®
Port indicators USB connector
L2 button R2 button
Disc slot L1 button R1 button
Power button
button
Eject button
Directional buttons button
WLAN access indicator
button
HDD access indicator button
USB connectors
LAN connector Left stick/L button* Right stick/
R button*
HDMI OUT connector
SELECT button START button
PS button
* The L and R buttons function when the sticks are pressed.
Vent
AC IN connector Notices
AV MULTI OUT connector
DIGITAL OUT (OPTICAL)  Do not place the system in an area subject to excessive dust or cigarette
connector smoke. Dust build-up or cigarette smoke residue on the internal
components (such as the lens) may cause the system to malfunction.
 Do not move or change the position of the system while the power indicator
is lit solid green or flashing green. The vibration that occurs as a result of
moving the system may cause data loss or corruption, or damage to the
system.
Caution
 Some PlayStation® and PlayStation®2 peripherals such as the analog
 Do not use the system in a closed cabinet or other locations where heat may controller (DUALSHOCK®) and analog controller (DUALSHOCK®2) are not
build up. Doing so may cause the system to overheat and may lead to fire, compatible with the PS™ system. For details, visit www.us.playstation.com.
injury or malfunction.
 If the system’s internal temperature becomes elevated, the power indicator Hint
will flash alternately in red and green. In this case, turn off the system
When placing the system in a vertical position, use of the vertical stand (sold
( page 21) and leave it unused for a while. After the system cools down,
separately) is required for stability.
move it to a location with good ventilation, and then resume use.
12

--- Page 13 ---
1
Getting
started
Getting started
Connection methods
US
Connect your system to a TV
You can use any of the following methods to connect your system to a TV.
HDMI OUT AV MULTI OUT
 connector connector
Caution
Any TV or component connected to the system
must be functioning properly and free of defects. If
a TV or component connected to the system is
faulty or defective, it may cause damage to the TV
or component, or to the system itself. As with all
electrical products, connection to faulty or
defective components, or the failure to connect to a
properly wired outlet, may cause sparking and
pose a fire hazard.
If video is not displayed on the screen
If you change the type of cable used to connect the
system to a TV, video may not appear on the screen. If
video does not appear, turn off the system and then
turn it on again by pressing the power button for at
least five seconds (until the system beeps twice). The
video output setting will be reset and video will be
output at standard definition (SD) resolution.
VIDEO
L-AUDIO-R
AV MULTI OUT AV Cable
connector
TV
Video output in HD (High Definition) resolution - component video
HDMI OUT HDMI Cable (sold separately)
connector
TV
Y
PB/CBPR/CR
L
R
COMPONENT
VIDEO
IN
AUDIO
IN
Video output in SD (Standard Definition) resolution
AV MULTI OUT Component AV Cable
connector (sold separately)
TV
Video output in HD (High Definition) resolution - HDMI™
Hints
 For details about video output cable types and supported video modes, see "Video output on the
PS™ system" ( page 16) and "Video output cable types" ( page 17).
 You can connect audio devices that support digital audio playback, such as an AV receiver for home
entertainment use. For details, see "Connecting digital audio devices" ( page 20).

--- Page 14 ---
Getting started
Connect an Ethernet cable (sold separately)
Use an Ethernet cable to connect the system to the Internet.
LAN connector AC IN connector Hint
You can use a wireless network connection to connect to the Internet without using an Ethernet cable.
For details, see "Adjusting network settings" ( page 28).
  Caution
Do not connect a standard telephone line or other types of cords or cables that are not compatible
with the system directly to the LAN connector on the system, as this may cause heat build-up, fire
or malfunction.
Connect the AC power cord
After plugging the AC power cord into the electrical outlet, the power indicator on the
PS™ system will light up in solid red ( page 21).
Caution
Do not plug the AC power cord for the system into an electrical outlet until you have made all other
connections. Make sure the TV or other component is unplugged from the electrical outlet prior to
connecting it to the system.
14

--- Page 15 ---
15
Getting
started
5
Performing initial setup of the system software Perform initial setup.
US
After turning on the system, perform initial setup.
1
Turn on the TV, and then switch the video input of the TV to
match the input connector used by the PS3™ system.
2
Press the power button.
The power indicator turns green and the picture is displayed on the TV
screen.
Power indicator Follow the on-screen instructions to enter settings for system language, time
Power button zone, date and time, and user name.
The screen for setting up the Internet connection will be displayed. When
connecting using an Ethernet cable, basic settings will be selected
automatically if you follow the on-screen instructions. When connecting over
3
Connect the wireless controller to the system using a USB a wireless LAN, follow the instructions in "Adjusting network settings
cable. (wireless)" ( page 29) to set up the connection.
4
After the settings have been completed, the XMB™ menu ( page 11) will
Press the PS button on the controller. be displayed on the TV screen.
The system will recognize the controller. After it has recognized the controller,
the initial setup screen will be displayed. Hints
 When using an HDMI cable to connect the system to the TV, a screen for
changing the video output resolution will be displayed during initial setup. If you
select [Yes] on the screen and then press the button, the optimal output
resolution will be selected automatically.
 For details on entering text, see "Using the on-screen keyboard" ( page 4).
 Settings entered during initial setup can be changed under (Settings) or
(Users). For details, refer to the online user’s guide
(http://manuals.playstation.net/document/).

--- Page 16 ---
Getting started
Video output on the PS3™ system
The PS™ system can output two types of resolution: HD and SD. Refer to the instruction manual for the TV in use to check which video mode is
supported.
HD (High Definition) SD (Standard Definition)
Video mode *1 1080p 1080i 720p 480p 480i *2
16:9 16:9
Aspect ratio 16:9 16:9 16:9
4: 4:
*1 This number indicates the number of scan lines. Note that "i" stands for "interlace" and "p" stands for "progressive". Using progressive results in high-quality video with
minimal flickering.
*2 The video output setting on the system will display as [Standard (NTSC)].
Screens showing the difference in resolution
HD screen SD screen
16

--- Page 17 ---
17
Getting
started
Video output cable types
US
The resolution displayed on the TV varies depending on the input connectors on the TV and the type of cable in use. Select a cable to match the TV
in use.
Cable type Input connector on the TV Supported video modes*¹
HDMI Cable*² HDMI IN connector 1080p / 1080i / 720p / 480p
(sold separately)
Component AV Cable Component VIDEO IN CO Y MPON P E B N /C T B VID P E R O /C IN R L AUDIO IN R 1080p / 1080i / 720p / 480p / 480i*
(sold separately) connector
S VIDEO Cable S VIDEO L-AUDIO-R
S VIDEO IN connector 480i*
(sold separately)
AV Cable VIDEO IN connector VIDEO L-AUDIO-R
480i*
(supplied) (composite)
*1 Depending on the type of TV or content to be played, some video modes may not be supported.
If a device that is not compatible with the HDCP (High-bandwidth Digital Content Protection) standard is connected to the system using an HDMI cable, video and/or
audio cannot be output from the system.
Copyright-protected Blu-ray video discs can only be output at 1080p using an HDMI cable connected to a device that is compatible with the HDCP (Highband-width
Digital Content Protection) standard.
*2 Connect the system to the TV using an HDMI cable (sold separately). An HDMI cable can output both video and audio and enables you to enjoy digital-quality
video and audio.
* The video output setting on the system will display as [Standard (NTSC)].

--- Page 18 ---
Getting started
3
Adjusting video output settings Confirm the screen, and then press the button.
If you changed the connector in step 2, a screen for confirming the change
Depending on the type of cables and the connectors used, you may will be displayed.
need to adjust the PS™ system's video output settings to display
video at HD resolutions ( page 16) on a TV. 4 Confirm the settings, select [Yes], and then press the button.
If you changed the connector in step 2, a screen for confirming the settings
If video is not displayed
will be displayed.
 Switch the video input of the TV to match the input connector used to
connect to the system.
 Turn off the system, and then turn it on again by pressing the power button
for at least five seconds (until the system beeps twice). The video output
setting will be reset and video will be output at standard definition (SD)
resolution.
1
Select (Settings) (Display Settings) [Video Output
Settings], and then press the button.
2 Select the input connector ( page 17) in use on the TV, and 5 Select the resolutions supported by the TV, and then press the
then press the button. button.
The resolution displayed on the TV varies depending on the input connector
and the type of cable used ( page 17). The highest resolution you
selected will be used for video output.
Depending on the connector selected in step 2, this screen may not be
displayed.
If you select [HDMI], you will have the option to choose [Automatic] or
[Custom] on the next screen. In most cases, select [Automatic], and video
output settings will be completed automatically.
If you select [AV MULTI / SCART], you must choose the type of output signal
18 on the next screen. In most cases, select [Y Pb/Cb Pr/Cr].

--- Page 19 ---
19
Getting
started
6 9
Confirm the settings, select [Yes], and then press the button. Adjust audio output settings.
Depending on the connector selected in step 2 and the resolutions selected Continue on to adjust audio output settings. Adjust settings to match the TV
US
in step 5, this screen may not be displayed. or audio device in use.
If you select [HDMI], you will have the option to choose [Automatic] or
7
Select the type of TV, and then press the button. [Manual] on the next screen. In most cases, select [Automatic].
If you selected [Standard (NTSC)] or [480p] in step 5, a screen for selecting If using a cable other than an HDMI cable to output audio from the TV, select
the TV screen size will be displayed. Adjust the setting to match the TV in use. [Audio Input Connector / SCART / AV MULTI]. If using an optical digital cable
to output audio, select [Digital Out (Optical)] and choose the output format
If you selected [720p] or a higher resolution in step 5, the TV type will
on the next screen.
automatically be set to 16:9 and the screen for selecting the TV screen size
will not be displayed.
10
Confirm the settings, and then press the button.
8
Confirm the settings, and then press the button. The audio output settings will be saved on the system.
The video output settings will be saved on the system.
Hints
 You can adjust audio output settings under (Settings) (Sound
Settings) [Audio Output Settings].
 If the TV in use supports D Stereoscopic display, a screen for setting the TV’s
screen resolution will be displayed after step 2. Follow the on-screen
instructions to adjust the settings. Using an HDMI cable, connect the PS™
system to a TV that supports D Stereoscopic display.

--- Page 20 ---
Getting started
Connecting digital audio devices Examples when connecting an audio device
You can connect audio devices that support digital audio playback, An HDMI cable or optical digital cable can be used to connect an
such as an AV receiver for home entertainment use. audio device to the PS™ system.
Audio output on the PS3™ system HDMI cable Optical digital cable
The supported channels may vary depending on the output connector
to be used.
Channels that can be used for output
PS3™ system output connectors
2 Ch. 5.1 Ch. 7.1 Ch.
AV MULTI OUT connector   
DIGITAL OUT (OPTICAL) connector    Optical digital
HDMI OUT connector    HDMI cable cable for audio
(sold separately) (sold separately)
Hints
 When connecting a digital audio device to the system, go to (Settings)
(Sound Settings) [Audio Output Settings], and then adjust the settings as
necessary for the audio device.
Digital audio Digital audio
 For simultaneous audio output from multiple connectors, go to (Settings) device device
(Sound Settings) [Audio Multi-Output], and set the option to [On].
 The system can output both audio and video through an HDMI cable. If both
the TV and the audio device have HDMI connectors, you can output the TV
picture to the TV through a connected audio device.
 If a device is connected to the PS™ system via an HDMI cable, do not turn off HDMI cable Video output cable for the
the device while the system is turned on (power indicator is lit solid green), as (sold separately) TV in use ( page 17)
doing so may cause sound distortion or produce abnormal sounds.
TV TV
20

--- Page 21 ---
21
Turning
the
PS3™
system
on
and
off
Turning the PS3™ system on and off
Turning on the system Turning off the system
US
1 1
Press the power button. Press the power button.
The power indicator lights up in solid green to indicate that the system is The power indicator lights up in solid red.
turned on.
Power indicator:
Power indicator: solid red
solid green
Power button
Power button
2
Press the PS button on the controller.
After the controller number is assigned, you can use the controller to operate
Notice
the system.
When the power indicator is lit solid green or flashing green, be sure to abide
by the notices below. If you do not, data loss or corruption, or damage to the
system may occur.
 Do not unplug the AC power cord from the electrical outlet.
PS button  Do not move or change the position of the system.
Hints
 Before using a wireless controller, you must first pair it with the system
( page 22).
Power indicator status
 You can also turn the PS™ system on and off using the PS button on the
You can check the power indicator on the PS™ system to see the wireless controller. If you use the PS button to turn on the system, the controller
current status of the system. number will be assigned at the same time. To turn off the system, press the PS
button for more than one second, and then follow the on-screen instructions.
Solid green System on  You can also turn off the PS™ system from the XMB™ menu. Select
(Users) (Turn Off System).
Flashing green System turning off  If you will not be using the system for a long period of time, check that the
power indicator is lit solid red, and then unplug the AC power cord from the
Solid red System off (in standby mode)
electrical outlet.

--- Page 22 ---
Using the wireless controller
Step 2: Assign a controller number
Preparing for use
Each time you turn on the system, a number must be assigned to the
To use a wireless controller, you must first register or "pair" the controller controller.
with the PS™ system and assign a number to the controller.
Press the PS button. All of the port indicators flash.
Step 1: Pair the system and the controller.
1 2 3 4
 When using for the first time
 When using with a different PS™ system 
 When the controller has been assigned a
number, the port indicators for the assigned
number turn solid red.
Step 2: Assign a controller number. 1 2 3 4
Every time the system is turned on
You can connect up to 7 controllers at one time. The controller number
Step 1: Pair the system and the controller is shown by the number above the port indicators. For numbers 5-7,
add the numbers of the lit indicators.
When using the controller for the first time or when using with a different
PS™ system, you must first pair the devices. If you turn on the system
and connect the controller using a USB cable, the pairing will be Example: Controller number 5 has been assigned.
completed automatically. 1 2 3 4
1
Hints
USB cable (supplied) Check that the system is turned on
(power indicator is lit solid green).  Pairing and assigning controller numbers can only be done when the system is
turned on (power indicator is lit solid green).
 When a paired controller is used with another PS™ system, the pairing with
the original system is cleared. Pair the controller with the system again if the
controller has been used with another system.
 If the controller or the system is turned off, the port indicators on the controller
will turn off and the assigned number will be cleared.
22

--- Page 23 ---
2
Using
the
wireless
controller
Battery charge level
Using the controller wirelessly
If you press and hold down the PS button for more than one second,
US
If you disconnect the USB cable, you can use the controller wirelessly. you can check the battery charge level on the screen.
To use it wirelessly, the controller’s battery must be charged.
Hints
 The USB cable can be connected or disconnected while the controller and the
system are turned on.
 If the controller does not function, press the PS button, and then reassign the
controller number.
Charging the controller
Charge Level
With the system turned on (power indicator is lit solid green), connect
the controller to the system using a USB cable. The port indicators of
the controller flash slowly and charging begins. When charging has
completed, the port indicators stop flashing. The battery has plenty of charge.
The battery has started losing its charge.
Hints
 The controller can be used while charging. The battery charge level is low.
 Charge in an environment where the temperature range is between The battery has no charge. The port indicators on the controller flash
10°C - 0°C (50°F - 86°F). Charging may not be as effective when performed in rapidly. Charge the controller.
other environments.
 The controller cannot be charged when the system is off (in standby mode). Hint
 The battery has a limited life span. Battery charge duration will gradually Depending on the environment or the conditions of use, the remaining charge
decrease with repeated usage and age. level may not display correctly and the battery duration may vary.
 Battery life also varies depending on the storage method, usage state,
environment and other factors.

--- Page 24 ---
Playing content
Blu-ray Disc (BD)/DVD/CD
1 2
Insert the disc. An icon is displayed in the XMB™ menu, and playback of the
disc begins.
If the disc does not automatically start, select the icon for the disc from the
The eject indicator turns
solid blue when the disc is
XMB™ menu, and then press the button.
inserted.
Insert the disc with the
label side facing up.
Notices
 Do not insert multiple discs or foreign objects into the
disc slot, because this may cause the system to Ejecting a disc
malfunction.
 Discs that are not compatible with the system cannot be Stop playback, and then press the eject button.
played.
 To play commercially available BD video software, in
some cases the encryption key* may need to be
renewed. The encryption key can be renewed when the
system software is updated ( page ).
* AACS (Advanced Access Control System) key
Eject button
24

--- Page 25 ---
25
Playing
content
Playing content on USB devices Notices
 Do not remove USB devices or turn off the system while data is being US
You can connect external devices, such as devices that are compatible
saved, loaded or deleted. Doing so may cause data loss or corruption.
with USB Mass Storage Class, using a USB cable. Devices can be
 When using a USB flash drive with a write-protect switch, do not operate
connected while the system is turned on. Refer also to the instructions
the switch when the device is connected to the system. Doing so may
supplied with the device. cause data loss or corruption.
1
Connect the USB device.
An icon is displayed on the screen. File formats that can be played or viewed
File formats that can be played or viewed on this system include
ATRAC™, MP, AAC, JPEG and MPEG-4. For the latest information,
refer to the online user’s guide
(http://manuals.playstation.net/document/).
Hints
External device such as a digital camera  Only files that are playable or viewable on the PS™ system are displayed in
the column for the compatible category (Example: Image data is displayed
2 Select the icon, and then press the button. under (Photo)).
 Depending on the storage media, only a subset of the folders on the media
A list of playable content is displayed.
may be displayed. If you select [Display All] from the options menu
( page 11), all folders saved on the media will be displayed.
Notice
For information on backing up files saved on the hard disk, see "Backing up
data" ( page 6).

--- Page 26 ---
Playing games
Starting a game
Game compatibility
When you insert the disc, the game starts automatically.
PlayStation®3 format software
Can be played on this system *
PlayStation® format software
PlayStation®2 format software Cannot be played on this system
* Operation of all PlayStation® format software titles is not guaranteed. Visit
www.us.playstation.com for the latest information on software that can be
played on this system.
Playing games
The eject indicator turns
This model of the PlayStation® system is designed to play
solid blue when the disc is
PlayStation® format software and has limited backward compatibility. inserted.
This system is not compatible with and will not play PlayStation®2 I
la
n
b
se
e
r
l
t
s
t
i
h
d
e
e
d
fa
is
c
c
in
w
g
i t
u
h
p
t
.
he
format software. Some PlayStation® format software may play on this
system. For more information, visit www.us.playstation.com.
Notice
Do not insert multiple discs or foreign objects into the disc slot, because this
may cause the system to malfunction.
Quitting a game
During gameplay, press the PS button on the wireless controller. Then
select (Game) (Quit Game) to quit the game.
Hint
Depending on the type of software, such as PlayStation® format software,
(Quit Game) may not be displayed when the PS button is pressed. In this
case, select [Quit Game] from the screen that is displayed.
26

--- Page 27 ---
27
Playing
games
Controller settings Creating internal memory cards
US
You can change controller settings by selecting (Settings) 1
Select (Game) (Memory Card Utility (PS/PS2)), and
(Accessory Settings).
then press the button.
If a controller port or number is specified by the software,
Reassign 2
you can use this setting to assign the appropriate controller Select (Create New Internal Memory Card), and then press
Controllers
port or number.* the button.
Controller You can set the vibration function to on or off. It is set to [On]
Vibration Function by default. 3 Select [Internal Memory Card (PS)], and then press the button.
* You cannot assign controller port 2-D using this system. Follow the on-screen instructions to complete the operation.
Hint
You can change settings for the controller during gameplay by pressing the Assigning slots
PS button. Select (Settings) (Accessory Settings) in the XMB™ screen,
or select [Controller Settings] from the screen that is displayed. 1
Select (Game) (Memory Card Utility (PS/PS2)), and
then press the button.
Saved data for PlayStation 3 format software
®
2
Select the internal memory card that you want to use, and then
Saved data for PlayStation® format software is saved on the system’s
press the button.
hard disk. The data is displayed under (Game) (Saved Data
Select [Assign Slots], and then assign [Slot 1] or [Slot 2].
Utility).
Hints
Saved data for PlayStation format software
®  Depending on the software, slots may be preassigned. For details, refer to the
instructions supplied with the software.
To save data from PlayStation® format software, you must create internal
 You can assign slots during gameplay. Press the PS button on the wireless
memory cards on the hard disk and assign the cards to slots. controller, and then select [Assign Slots] from the screen that is displayed.
Notice
This system does not support playback of PlayStation®2 format software. Even
if you create an internal memory card for PlayStation®2 format software, you
will not be able to use it to play games.

--- Page 28 ---
Adjusting network settings
Example of a network configuration (wired) Example of a network configuration (wireless)
A wired network configuration requires items ,  and . A wireless network configuration requires items  and .
 Network gateway device  Network gateway device
such as a DSL modem*1*2  Router* such as a DSL modem*1*2  Wireless router
(access point) **4
To the Internet line To the Internet line
 Ethernet cable
PC
PC
*1 The connection method may vary depending on the environment in use. For example, you may be able to connect Ethernet cables directly into the wall outlet in
housing complex units that have preinstalled LAN ports. If you are using such a network environment, you do not need a network gateway device.
*2 Dial-up connectivity is not supported.
* A router is a device that enables multiple devices to be connected to one Internet line. A router may be necessary if a PS™ system and other devices such as a PC
will be connected to the Internet at the same time using one Internet connection. A router is not necessary if the DSL or cable modem or other network device has
built-in router functionality.
*4 A wireless router is a device that adds access point functionality to a router. A wireless network configuration requires settings information for the access point (SSID,
WEP key, WPA key) ( page 0).
28

--- Page 29 ---
29
Adjusting
network
settings
Adjusting network settings (wired) Adjusting network settings (wireless)
US
1 1
Connect an Ethernet cable (sold separately) to the system. Check that an Ethernet cable is not connected to the system.
2 2
Select (Settings) (Network Settings) [Internet Select (Settings) (Network Settings) [Internet
Connection Settings], and then press the button. Connection Settings], and then press the button.
A confirmation message about the Ethernet cable is displayed. A confirmation message about the Ethernet cable is displayed.
3 3
Select [OK], and then press the button. Select [OK], and then press the button.
4 4
Select [Easy], and then press the button. Select [Easy], and then press the button.
Basic settings are adjusted automatically, and a list of the settings is Basic settings are adjusted automatically.
displayed. If the list is not displayed, you must adjust custom settings. Refer
to the instructions supplied by your Internet service provider to adjust the 5 Select [Wireless], and then press the button.
custom settings ( page 1).
5
Perform the Internet connection test.
If the connection is successful, you will be able to connect to the Internet.

--- Page 30 ---
Adjusting network settings
6
Adjust wireless LAN settings. Hints
Select the access point that you want to use. You can usually select [Scan]  SSID and WEP/WPA keys are types of security information that are required
and choose an access point within range of your system. when connecting to an access point. If you do not have this information,
contact the person who set up or maintains the access point.
System scans for a nearby access point. Select the  Depending on the access point you use, you may need the MAC address for
Scan
access point that you want to use. the PS™ system when connecting to the Internet. You can find the MAC
Enter Manually Specify the access point by entering its SSID manually. address for the PS™ system by going to (Settings) (System
Settings) [System Information].
Use the automatic setting feature of the access point.
 When connecting to the Internet wirelessly, signal interference may occur
You can follow the on-screen instructions to complete
depending on the usage condition of the wireless network devices. If the
Automatic* the required settings automatically. Internet data transfer speed is decreased or the wireless controller does not
AOSS™ function properly, try using a wired Internet connection.
Buffalo, Inc.
* For information on access points that support automatic setup (AOSS™),
contact the access point manufacturers.
7
Adjust the security settings for the wireless network.
Enter the encryption key for the access point. If you selected [Automatic] in
step 6, this screen will not be displayed.
None Encryption key is not set.
WEP
Enter the encryption key. The encryption key field will
WPA-PSK/
display an asterisk (*) for each character you enter.
WPA2-PSK
8
Check the settings.
A list of the settings is displayed. If the list is not displayed, you must adjust
custom settings. Refer to the instructions supplied by your Internet service
provider to adjust the custom settings ( page 1).
9
Perform the Internet connection test.
If the connection is successful, you will be able to connect to the Internet.
0

--- Page 31 ---
1
Adjusting
network
settings
MTU
Adjusting custom settings
Specify the MTU value used when transmitting data. You can usually
US
In certain network environments, some settings may not be adjusted select [Automatic].
automatically by selecting [Easy]. Refer to the information below and
also follow the on-screen instructions to adjust custom settings. Proxy Server
Specify the proxy server to be used. You can usually select [Do Not Use].
Ethernet operation mode
Specify the Ethernet data transfer rate and operation method. You can UPnP
usually select [Auto-Detect].
Enable or disable UPnP (Universal Plug and Play). You can usually
select [Enable].
IP Address Setting
Specify the method for obtaining an IP address when connecting to the Hint
Internet. The method varies depending on the Internet service provider If [UPnP] is set to [Disable], online communication may be restricted when using
you use. the voice / video chat feature or communication features in games.
Automatic Use the IP address allocated by the DHCP server.
Manual Enter the IP address manually.
Connect to the Internet using PPPoE. Enter the user name
PPPoE
and password supplied by your Internet service provider.
DHCP host name
Specify the DHCP server host name. You can usually select [Do Not Set].
DNS Setting
Specify the DNS server. The method varies depending on the Internet
service provider you use.
Automatic System acquires the DNS server address automatically.
Enter the DNS server address manually. Enter the IP
Manual addresses of the primary and secondary DNS servers that
are supplied by your Internet service provider.

--- Page 32 ---
Connecting to the Internet
If network settings are already completed, the PS™ system will
Viewing the user’s guide
automatically connect to the Internet when the system is turned on. The
connection will remain active as long as the system is on. You can use the Internet browser to view the online user’s guide for the
PS™ system. Select (Network) (Online Instruction Manuals),
Using the Internet browser and then press the button.
1 Online user’s guide h ttp://manuals.playstation.net/document/
Select (Network) (Internet Browser), and then press
the button. This guide contains detailed information about using the PS™ system
software.
The Internet browser opens. A busy icon is displayed while the page is
loading.
Creating a PlayStation Network account
Busy icon ®
By creating a PlayStation®Network account, you can enjoy
communicating with your Friends or download games or videos from
(PlayStation®Store). Select (PlayStation®Network) (Sign Up
for PlayStation®Network), and then press the button. The screen for
creating an account will be displayed.
Basic operations of the Internet browser
Directional buttons Move the pointer to a link.
Right stick Scroll in the desired direction.
L1 button Go back to the previous page.
START button Enter an address.
Switch between displaying and not displaying
button
the menu. Hints
 An Internet connection is required to create an account.
 PlayStation®Network service content may vary depending on the region.
 You can also create a PlayStation®Network account at www.us.playstation.com.
2

--- Page 33 ---
US

PS3™
system
updates
PS3™ system updates
By updating the PS™ system software, you can add features and/or
Update methods
security patches. Frequently update your system to use the latest
version of the system software. You can perform an update in any of the ways described below.
System software updates w ww.us.playstation.com/ps3
Network update
This site provides the latest information about system software updates.
You can update by downloading the update data from the Internet. The
latest update is automatically downloaded.
Select (Settings) (System Update) [Update via Internet].
Update using storage media
You can update using the update data saved on a USB flash drive or
Use the update data to overwrite The system software is updated. other media.
the existing system software.
Select (Settings) (System Update) [Update via Storage
Media].
Notices
 During an update, do not turn off the system or remove media. If an update Update using disc media
is cancelled before completion, the system software may become
Update data may also be contained in some game discs and other
damaged, and the system may require servicing or exchange.
types of disc media. When you play a disc that contains update data, a
 During an update, the power button on the system and PS button of the
controller are inactive. screen will be displayed to guide you through the update process.
 Depending on the content, you may not be able to play without first
Hint
updating the system software.
 After you have updated the system software, you cannot go back to an If you cannot perform an update in any of the ways described above, contact
earlier version. SCEA Consumer Services ( back cover).
Checking the system software version
You can check system version information by selecting (Settings)
(System Settings) [System Information]. The current version is
displayed in the [System Software] field.

--- Page 34 ---
Using the on-screen keyboard
Cursor Text entry field Displays predictive options Hints
 For details about using the on-screen keyboard, refer to the online user’s guide
(http://manuals.playstation.net/document/).
 You can also enter text using a USB keyboard or Bluetooth®-compatible
keyboard (both sold separately). With the on-screen keyboard displayed, press
any key on the connected keyboard to start entering text.
List of keys
Keys that are displayed vary depending on the input mode and other
conditions.
Keys Explanation
Inserts a line break
Operation keys Displays when Input mode
predictive mode is on display Moves the cursor
Deletes the character to the left of the cursor
Entering text
Inserts a space
The following steps explain how to enter text, using the word "fun" as an
Switches the input mode
example.
Confirms characters that have been typed and
1 then closes the keyboard
Select [f] on the keyboard, and then press the button.
Switches to the mini-size keyboard
Repeat this step for the characters [u] and [n].
/ Inserts a symbol or emoticon
2
Select [Enter], and then press the button.
The characters you entered are confirmed. / Switches the type of characters to be entered
3 / Copies or pastes text
Select [Enter], and then press the button again.
The text is entered and the keyboard closes.
4

--- Page 35 ---
US
5
Parental
control
Parental control
The PS™ system includes a parental control feature. You can use this Game rating marks
feature to set a password and limit the playback of content restricted by
Most game packaging displays a symbol to indicate the age group that
a parental control level (games, videos and other content) for children.
is appropriate to play the game. The symbols correspond to the
For more information on parental control settings, visit
parental control levels set on the games as shown below.
www.us.playstation.com.
Age group
Changing the security settings
You can set a parental control level for games or Blu-ray Discs or other Game parental 2  4 5 9 10
content under (Settings) (Security Settings). control level
A password is required to change parental control settings. You can set Based on information at time of publication. For more information, visit
a password under (Security Settings) [Change Password]. www.us.playstation.com/support. For the latest information about the ESRB rating
The password is set to "0000" in the default settings. system, visit http://www.esrb.org.
Other security settings
Parental control levels for games
You can set parental control limitations on content other than games
You can set the parental control level for games under (Security
under (Security Settings), as described below.
Settings) [Parental Control]. Select from [Off] or one of 11 levels.
When playing a BD with parental control settings, restrict
Off Play any content regardless of parental control level.
BD Parental Control playback based on the age you have set. The lower the
Set the parental control level based on the number. Note that the lower
11-1 setting, the tighter the restriction.
the number, the tighter the restriction.
When playing a DVD with parental control settings, restrict
playback based on the level you have set.
The combination of the parental control levels of both the PS™ system DVD parental control
Select from [Off] or one of eight levels.
and the content determine whether the content can be played.
The lower the number, the tighter the restriction.
Example: If the parental control level of the system is set to [7], content
Internet Browser Restrict the ability to start the Internet Browser with a
with a level from [1] to [7] can be played on the system.
Start Control password.
You can see the parental control level of a game or video that you
downloaded from (PlayStation®Store). Select the game or video, and Hint
then press the button. From the options menu, select [Information] to
For information about parental control settings for PlayStation®Network content
display a screen with the parental control level. and services, visit www.us.playstation.com/support.

--- Page 36 ---
Replacing the hard disk
You can replace the hard disk that is installed in the PS™ system.
Notices
Caution  All hard disks, including a PS™ system’s hard disk, must be reformatted
before use in a PS™ system.
 Remove the hard disk in a location out of the reach of small children to help  It is recommended that you regularly back up data on the hard disk. If for
prevent accidental swallowing of small parts such as screws. any reason software or data loss or corruption occurs, it may not be
 The inside of the system is hot directly after use. Allow time for the system to possible to restore or repair the software or data. Sony Computer
cool down before starting to remove the hard disk. Entertainment Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates will not be liable for
 Be careful not to injure yourself when removing or handling the screw cover damage or injury related to software or data loss or corruption.
or the hard disk.  You can back up data stored on the hard disk to a USB mass storage
 Be sure to reattach the screw cover and the HDD bay cover before turning device and restore data that has been backed up. For details, see "Backing
the PS™ system on. If these covers are not attached, heat may build up up data" ( page 6).
inside the system.  Improper removal or installation of a hard disk may cause damage to your
 To attach or remove screws, use an appropriate crosshead screwdriver. If PS™ system or loss of data, and may void your PS™ system’s hardware
the size does not match, the groove on the screw’s head may be damaged. warranty. SCEA shall not be liable for any resulting damages, including any
damages to your hard disk. User assumes all risks and liabilities associated
with using a replacement hard disk, including any incompatibility or
interoperability problems with the PS™ system. Services will not be
provided on any non-PS™ system hard disks.
 To help protect your personal information, be sure to clear passwords for all
PlayStation®Network accounts before submitting the PS™ system for
service. To clear a password, select (PlayStation®Network) (Sign
In), and then from the screen that is displayed, clear the [Save Password]
checkbox. Note that if [Sign In Automatically (Auto Sign-In)] is set, the icon
for (Sign In) will no longer be displayed. In that case, you must first clear
the auto sign-in option. To clear the auto sign-in option, select
(PlayStation®Network) (Account Management), press the
button, and then select [Auto Sign-In Off] from the options menu. After the
auto sign-in option is turned off, proceed with the password clearing
process.
Backing up data
You can back up data that is saved on the hard disk using either of the
following methods.
6

--- Page 37 ---
7
Replacing
the
hard
disk
Notice Hints
 Some data cannot be copied, moved or backed up.
It is recommended that you regularly back up data on the hard disk. If for any US
reason software or data loss or corruption occurs or the hard disk must be  By using a card reader/writer (USB connector type, sold separately), you can
initialized during authorized service, it may not be possible to restore or repair back up files saved on the hard disk to storage media such as a Memory
the software or data. Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. and its subsidiaries Stick™ or an SD Memory Card.
and affiliates will not be held liable for damage or injury related to software or
data loss or corruption.
Backing up data in a single operation
You can back up data that is saved on the hard disk to a USB mass
storage device in a single operation. Select (Settings)
(System Settings) [Backup Utility], and then follow the on-screen
instructions to perform this operation. You may not be able to back up
some content, including some types of copyright-protected data. Removing the hard disk
Hint
You may not be able to use the backup utility to restore some data. For important Caution
data that cannot be backed up, it is recommended that you selectively copy or
move the data to a USB storage device before you use the backup utility feature.  For safety reasons, be sure to turn off and unplug the system before
For details on the backup utility feature, refer to the online user’s guide attempting to remove the hard disk.
(http://manuals.playstation.net/document/).  The system may not be stable when placed upside down. Be careful not to
injure yourself when removing the screw.
Backing up selected data
1
Press the power button to turn off the system.
The following file types saved on the system’s hard disk can be copied
or moved to a USB device. Select the file, press the button, and then The power indicator turns solid red and the system enters standby mode.
select [Copy] or [Move] from the options menu. For some types of
2
video files, you may need to select [Back Up] instead. Unplug the AC power cord, and then disconnect the other
cables from the system.
File type Back up destination For safety reasons, remove the plug for the power cord from the electrical
Saved data from games; video, music USB mass storage device outlet, and then detach the other cables.
or photo files (USB flash drive, etc.)

--- Page 38 ---
Replacing the hard disk
3 5
Place the system upside down on a soft, dry cloth, and then Remove the hard disk.
open the screw cover. Pull the handle upwards, and then pull out the hard disk from the system.
Use the notch located above the screw cover to slightly pull up the cover.
Then rotate the cover as shown in the diagram. If the cover is hard to pull up,
insert a tool such as a flathead screwdriver in the notch and gently pull the
cover up.
(cid:18) (cid:19)
Notices
Screw cover The hard disk is a sensitive piece of equipment and should be handled with
care at all times. To help prevent software or data loss or corruption, or
4 Remove the screw that fastens the hard disk in place, and then damage to the hard disk, carefully follow the precautions listed below:
remove the HDD bay cover.  Do not throw or drop the system or hard disk, or otherwise expose either
device to strong vibrations or strong physical impact.
 Remove the blue screw with an appropriate crosshead screwdriver.
 Do not allow liquid or small particles to get into the system or hard disk.
 Slide the HDD bay cover to the left, and then remove the cover.
 Do not touch the connectors or insert foreign objects into the connectors.
(cid:18)  Do not place the system or hard disk close to magnetic fields such as those
produced by magnets or loudspeakers. Also, do not place devices that
may be sensitive to magnetic forces (such as a wrist watch or a credit card)
(cid:19)
near the hard disk.
 Do not put heavy objects on the hard disk.
 When handling the hard disk, hold it only by the edges or metal frame.
 The hard disk is sensitive to static electricity. Ensure that proper handling
methods are used when installing the hard disk.
 Store in a cool, dry location.
8 HDD bay cover

--- Page 39 ---
9
Replacing
the
hard
disk
3
Replacing the hard disk Remove the hard disk from the metal frame.
US
(cid:19)
Caution (cid:18)
For safety reasons, be sure to turn off and unplug the system before attempting
to replace the hard disk.
When replacing the hard disk, follow the procedure below to remove
the metal frame.
4 Place the replacement hard disk on the metal frame for the
1 Using a crosshead screwdriver, remove the screws (4 places). PS3™ system’s hard disk, and then attach using the screws
(4 places).
Do not overtighten the screws.
5
Install the hard disk in the system.
Refer to the instructions in "Removing the hard disk" ( page 7) and follow
the steps in reverse order when installing. Be sure to fully insert the hard disk
in the HDD bay.
6
Reinstall the system software.
After the hard disk has been replaced, the system software must be
reinstalled ( page 40).
2
Hold the hard disk by the edges, and then turn it over.
Replacement hard disks
You can use hard disks of the following types with the PS™ system.
Size 2.5 inch (internal type) *1
Interface format Serial ATA *2
Grasp firmly by the opening on *1 Proper operation is not guaranteed for all models.
either side to prevent slipping.
*2 Parallel ATA is not supported.

--- Page 40 ---
Replacing the hard disk
 If you have a game disc or other disc that contains update data, you may be
Reinstalling the system software
able to use that disc to reinstall the system software. If you insert the disc in the
PS™ system and follow the on-screen instructions, you can verify whether the
If the system software does not start when the system is turned on
update data can be used.
(such as when the hard disk has been replaced), a screen such as the
 For additional information on the installation of the system software, refer to the
one shown below is displayed. In this case, you must reinstall the section "Update using a PC" at our website: www.us.playstation.com/ps.
system software using downloaded update data.  The system software included within this product is subject to a limited license
from Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. Refer to http://www.scei.co.jp/ps-eula
for further details.
Installing the system software
Turn on the PS™ system, and then insert the storage media containing
the update data. Follow the on-screen instructions to reinstall the
system software.
Notices
 Do not turn off the system or remove the storage media during the
installation. If the installation is cancelled before completion, the system
software may become damaged, and the system may require servicing or
exchange.
Downloading system software update data
 During the installation, the power button on the system and the PS button
on the wireless controller are not active.
Using a PC with Internet access, download the system software update
data from the website shown below. Follow the instructions available on
the website to copy the update data from the PC to storage media.
Restoring data that has been backed up
www.us.playstation.com/ps
You can restore data that you backed up using either of the following
Hints
methods.
 Use the latest version of the update data available on the website. You cannot
reinstall the system software using a version that is earlier than the system
software version that had previously been used. If the appropriate update data
for your system is not available at the website, contact SCEA Consumer
Services ( back cover).
40

--- Page 41 ---
41
Replacing
the
hard
disk
Restoring data in a single operation
US
You can restore data that you backed up in a single operation by
selecting (Settings) (System Settings) [Backup Utility].
Connect the USB mass storage device that contains the backup data,
and then follow the on-screen instructions to perform this operation.
Hints
 You may not be able to use the backup utility to restore some data.
 For details on the backup utility feature, refer to the online user’s guide
(http://manuals.playstation.net/document/).
Restoring selected data
You can manually restore files using the options menu for the file.
Connect the USB mass storage device that contains the file, select the
file that you want to restore, and then press the button. Select [Copy]
or [Move] from the options menu.
Hint
Some data cannot be copied, moved or backed up.

--- Page 42 ---
Transferring data to another PS3™ system / restoring the system
Transferring data to another PS3™ system Restoring default settings
You can transfer data that is saved on the hard disk of one PS™ You can restore from the current settings under (Settings) to the
system (the source system) to the hard disk of another PS™ system default settings by selecting (Settings) (System Settings)
(the destination system) by selecting (Settings) (System [Restore Default Settings].
Settings) [Data Transfer Utility]. After you complete the operation and restart the system, the initial
setup screen will be displayed. Follow the on-screen instructions to
Notice perform initial setup of the system software ( page 15).
When you perform this operation, all of the data that is stored on the PS™
system that will receive the data (the destination system) will be deleted.
Deleting data on the hard disk drive
For details on how to use the utility and its limitations, refer to the online user’s
guide (http://manuals.playstation.net/document/). You can delete all data on the system’s hard disk and restore from the
current settings under (Settings) to the default settings by selecting
(Settings) (System Settings) [Restore PS™ System].
Restoring the PS3™ system You can shorten the time required to perform this operation by selecting
[Quick Format] from the list of hard disk format options. It is
recommended that you select [Full Format] when formatting a hard disk
Notices
that contains important or sensitive data.
 If you restore the default settings or restore the PS™ system, changes to After you complete the operation and restart the system, the initial
the settings cannot be undone. Data loss or corruption is the responsibility
setup screen will be displayed. Follow the on-screen instructions to
of the user.
perform initial setup of the system software ( page 15).
 Do not turn off the PS™ system during this operation. If the operation is
cancelled before completion, the system software may become damaged,
and the system may require servicing or exchange. Before disposing of or transferring the PS3™ system
 During this operation, the power button on the system and the PS button on
the wireless controller are not active. Before disposing of the system, it is recommended that personal
 You cannot use this feature to go back to an earlier version of the system information and other data of similar nature be deleted. To delete data,
software.
go to (Settings) (System Settings) [Restore PS™ System].
It is recommended that you select [Full Format] when the screen for
selecting a hard disk format method is displayed during system
restoration. Although formatting time can be reduced by using [Quick
Format], it might be possible to restore erased data in some cases if a
special tool is used.
42

--- Page 43 ---
4
Before
requesting
service
Before requesting service
Go through this section if you experience difficulty in operating the If the video output settings on the system do not match those of the
PS™ system. Should any problem persist, contact Consumer Services cable or TV in use, there may be no picture. If the screen goes
( back cover) for assistance. blank, turn off the system. Then, with only the system and the TV US
connected, press the system’s power button for more than 5
seconds to turn the system back on. The video output settings will
Power automatically be reset to the standard definition (SD) resolution.
The system does not turn on. The picture is distorted.
Check that the AC power cord is securely inserted in the system Check that the cable is securely inserted. Try disconnecting the
and the electrical outlet. cable from the PS™ system or TV and then reconnecting it.
When the power button is pressed, the system beeps repeatedly The Blu-ray Disc (BD) or DVD cannot be played, or the picture is
and then the power indicator will turn off. distorted.
The temperature inside the system is becoming too high. Check When outputting DVD content or PlayStation® format software in
whether the system is being used in a location that is too warm. standard definition (SD) resolution, only discs recorded in the NTSC
Ensure that vents are not blocked and that there is adequate airflow standard can be played.
around the system. Press the power button. (The power indicator If the system is connected to a VCR, copy protection encoding on
will become solid red.) Wait a while, and then turn on the system some BDs and DVDs may cause image distortion, or may cause the
again. image to become lighter or darker. In such cases, connect the
system to the TV directly. You may also see a similar occurrence if
using a combination TV/VCR unit.
Picture
If the BD or DVD does not match the region code set in the system,
it cannot be played. For details, see "Region codes" ( page 50).
There is no picture on the TV screen.
Some DVDs are preset with parental control restrictions. Enter the
Check that the cable is securely inserted. Try disconnecting the
password that was set in (Security Settings) to temporarily
cable from the PS™ system or TV and then reconnecting it.
increase the parental control level.
There may be a problem with the AV cable in use. Try using another
If you record video content on DVD-R, DVD-RW, DVD+R or
cable that is compatible with the PS™ system.
DVD+RW media using a device such as a DVD recorder, you must
Adjust the video input on the TV to match the input connector that is finalize the media before playing it on the PS™ system. Finalize the
being used to connect to the PS™ system. media using the recording device.
Some BDs are preset with parental control restrictions. Enter the
password that was set in (Security Settings) to change the
parental control level.

--- Page 44 ---
Before requesting service
The BD may be disc-locked. Enter the password that was set when Some software do not support digital audio output.
the disc was created. If the system’s audio output settings do not match the AV cable or
See also the notices under "Playable discs" ( page 49). device in use, the system may not produce sound. Check that the
system’s settings under (Settings) (Sound Settings)
Certain BDs cannot be played. [Audio Output Settings] are correct.
To play commercially available BD video software, the encryption Some content that support Dolby Digital, DTS, and other formats
key for AACS (Advanced Access Control System) may need to be may not produce audio from all channels.
renewed. To renew the key, you must update the system software.
Music files do not play.
The size of the video image and the TV screen do not match. Playback methods may be limited for some music files that are
The settings of the connected TV and the video output settings of distributed via the Internet. In such cases, it may not be possible to
the system may not match. Check the following items: play the content on the PS™ system.
 Check that the system’s settings under (Settings)
(Display Settings) [Video Output Settings] are correct.
Network
 Check that the settings of the connected TV are correct. For
details, refer to the instructions supplied with your TV.
With some video content, the screen size cannot be changed. A connection to the network cannot be established.
If using a wired connection, check that the Ethernet cable is
The screen color does not seem right. securely connected.
If set to the default setting, the background color changes as the Check that the network settings are correct. Refer to the instructions
time, day and month changes. supplied by your Internet service provider or in the software manual
to make the correct network settings.
Audio The message [An error occurred during communication with the
server. This is a DNS error. (80710102)] is displayed during the
There is no sound. Internet connection test.
Check that the muting function on the TV or speakers is turned off. If you connect the system to a modem that does not have a router
Also check that the volume is at the appropriate level. feature (bridge modem), you may need to set PPPoE settings.
Select (Settings) (Network Settings) [Internet
If an audio device is connected, check the settings of the device.
Connection Settings] [Custom] to start configuring the Internet
For details, refer to the instructions supplied with the audio device.
connection. Continue adjusting settings until you see the IP address
There may be a problem with the AV cable. Try using another cable setting screen. Select [PPPoE], and then enter the user name and
that is compatible with the PS™ system. password provided by your Internet service provider.
44

--- Page 45 ---
45
Before
requesting
service
If you connect your system to a router, complete initial settings on If the disc has a label, insert it with the label side up.
the router first. After completing the settings on the router, try to Check whether the disc is scratched or dirty. If dirty, wipe it gently
adjust the network settings again by selecting (Settings) with a soft cloth. US
(Network Settings) [Internet Connection Settings] [Easy] again.
See also the notices under "Playable discs" ( page 49).
For details about the router settings, refer to the instructions
supplied with your router.
The disc cannot be removed.
The message [The attempt to obtain an IP address timed out.] is Press the eject button for 10 seconds or longer to force the disc to
displayed during the Internet connection test. eject. After removing and before reinserting a disc into the system,
turn off the system, and then turn on the system again to resume
If you disconnected the Ethernet cable that is used to connect to a
use.
device such as a PC, and then reconnected it to the system, you
must restart both your system and the modem. After restarting both
The system does not recognize the USB device, or the USB device
devices, update your network settings by selecting (Settings)
(Network Settings) [Internet Connection Settings] [Easy]. does not operate properly.
For details about restarting your modem, refer to the instructions Check that the device is inserted correctly.
supplied with your modem. The connected device may not be usable with the system.
If you are using a wireless connection, the WEP key may be wrong. Try using a different USB connector on the PS™ system. The
Check that you have the correct WEP key, and then enter it again. device may not be recognized depending on the combination of
USB connectors in use.
The message [The PPPoE user name or password is not correct.] is
In some cases, the system may not recognize the device if an
displayed during the Internet connection test. external USB hub is used and more than the allotted number of
Enter the correct user name and password for PPPoE. If you do not devices are connected. Try removing unused devices.
know the user name and password, contact your Internet service
provider. When connecting a USB device, the message [An unknown USB
device has been connected.] is displayed.
The Web page does not display properly.
The connected device may not be compatible with the system or
Certain content, such as content that requires specialized software, software application.
may not display properly on some Web pages.
The device may be compatible with specific software only. Use
software that is compatible with the device.
Disc Media and USB Devices There may be too many USB hubs connected. Try removing a USB
hub.
The system does not recognize the disc.
Remove the disc and reinsert it.

--- Page 46 ---
Before requesting service
Try selecting (Settings) (Accessory Settings) [Controller
Wireless controller
Vibration Function], and then setting [Vibration Function] to [On].
The software may not support the vibration function. Refer to the
The wireless controller does not function.
instruction manual for the software. For software downloaded from
When using the wireless controller, you must pair it with the system (PlayStation®Store), refer to the compatibility notice information
and assign a controller number. With the system turned on (power included in the software’s online description.
indicator is lit solid green), connect the system and the controller
using the USB cable, and then press the PS button on the controller.
The response to button operations is slow.
The controller number may have been cleared. Press the PS button The response speed may be slow on an LCD display or PC display.
on the controller to reassign the number. This is not a malfunction.
With some software, you may need to use a specified controller
number. Refer to the manual for the software in use. The battery does not charge or does not fully recharge.
Check the charge level of the wireless controller battery. When the The battery can only be charged when the system is turned on.
controller is used in wireless mode, it will not function if the battery (The power indicator on the system front is lit solid green.)
does not have any charge left. Charge the battery by connecting See "Wireless controller battery" ( page 51).
the controller to the system with the USB cable.
If you cannot use the controller even after checking the items The battery charge does not last long.
above, try resetting the wireless controller by pushing the reset The battery may be wearing out. Battery charge duration will
button on the controller rear with a thin-tipped object such as a pen. gradually decrease with repeated usage and age. See "Wireless
controller battery" ( page 51).
Reset button
Even when the wireless controller is not being used, it loses its
charge over time.
The controller’s battery slowly loses its charge even when the
controller is not in use. It is recommended that you charge the
The wireless controller operates in an abnormal manner. controller frequently.
Try resetting the wireless controller by pushing the reset button on
the controller rear with a thin-tipped object such as a pen.
The wireless controller does not vibrate.
Check that you are using a DUALSHOCK® Wireless Controller.
The SIXAXIS® Wireless Controller does not vibrate.
46

--- Page 47 ---
47
Before
requesting
service
Other issues The screen is frozen. The system does not operate.
Disconnect all accessories such as USB devices from the system,
US
and then restart the system. Pressing the power button for 15
The system makes noise.
seconds or longer will force the system to turn off (enter standby
When using the system in a location where heat can build up, such mode). After the system turns off, turn it on again.
as in an enclosed AV cabinet, on carpet or a cushion, or near a wall
(within 10cm of the wall), the internal fan will rotate rapidly to reduce
The power indicator is flashing red and green alternately.
the system’s temperature and this may generate increased noise.
The interior of the system may have become too warm. This is
Move the system to a location with good ventilation.
typically due to the operating environment. Check whether the
Depending on how a disc is being used, such as when copying an system is being used in a warm location. Ensure that vents are not
audio CD to the hard disk or starting software from a disc, disc blocked and that adequate airflow exists around the system.
noise may be louder than normal. Continuing to use the system in the above condition will cause it to
Furthermore, some software may cause more disc noise than stop functioning. Turn the system off and leave it unused until it
others. cools down. After the system cools down, turn it on again.
You forgot your password for security settings. The system does not recognize content.
If you restore the system using (Settings) (System Settings) The content may be of a format that is not supported by the system.
[Restore Default Settings], your password will return to "0000". Content of types not supported by the system will not be
However, note that all settings other than the password will also be recognized. For information on supported formats, refer to the
reset. Once these settings are reset, they cannot be recovered. online user’s guide (http://manuals.playstation.net/document/).
The system is warm.
When the system is being used or is turned on, it may become
warm. This is not a malfunction.
The screen freezes during gameplay.
Check whether the disc is scratched or dirty. If dirty, wipe it gently
with a soft cloth.
If you have game data for PlayStation® format software installed,
try deleting the game data and reinstalling the software. Select
(Game) (Game Data Utility), press the button, and
then delete the game data from the options menu. Next, reinstall the
PlayStation® format software. Be careful not to delete the saved
data for the game.

--- Page 48 ---
Specifications
Design and specifications are subject to change without notice. Information about
Type: Semiconductor, continuous
system functionality and images published in this document may vary from those
BD Wavelength: 400 - 410 nm
for your PS™ system, depending on the system software version in use.
Power: Max. 17.5 mW
Laser DVD Wavelength: 655 - 664 nm
PlayStation 3 system Power: Max. 2.6 mW
®
CD Wavelength: 770 - 800 nm
CPU Cell Broadband Engine™ Power: Max. 4.0 mW
GPU RSX™ Power 120 V AC, 60 Hz
LPCM 7.1ch, Dolby Digital, Power consumption Approx. 20 W
Audio output Dolby Digital D P T lu S s -H , D D o , l A b A y C TrueHD, DTS, External dimensions App ( r 1 o 1 x . . 5 2 × 90 2 × .6 6 × 5 1 × 1. 5 2 9 in 0 ) mm
256 MB XDR Main RAM, (excluding maximum projecting part) (width × height × length)
Memory
256 MB GDDR VRAM Mass Approx. .0 kg (6.6 lb)
Hard disk 2.5" Serial ATA 160 GB*1*2 Operating temperature 5°C - 5°C (41°F - 95°F)
Inputs/ Hi-Speed USB
2 *1 Hard disk capacity calculated using base 10 mathematics (1GB =
outputs*3 (USB 2.0)
1,000,000,000 bytes). The system software for this PS™ system calculates
Ethernet (10BASE-T, 100BASE-TX, capacity using binary mathematics (1GB = 1,07,741,824 bytes) and
1000BASE-T) × 1 consequently displays lower capacity and free space. The difference in
Networking
IEEE 802.11 b/g displayed values does not indicate a difference in the actual number of bytes.
Bluetooth® 2.0 (EDR) *2 A portion of the hard disk capacity is reserved for use in connection with system
Controller Wireless Controller (Bluetooth®) administration, maintenance, and additional options. This may occur upon
installation of system software or other software. As a result, the availability of
Resolution 1080p, 1080i, 720p, 480p, 480i
hard disk capacity may vary depending on the system, system software version,
HDMI OUT connector*4 1 or available options, and is not otherwise available for your use.
AV output
AV MULTI OUT connector 1 * Functionality of all connected devices is not guaranteed.
Digital out (optical) connector 1 *4 "D", "Deep Color", "x.v.Color" and "HD lossless audio format" are supported.
BD/DVD/ BD × 2 (BD-ROM)
CD drive Maximum read rate DVD × 8 (DVD-ROM) DUALSHOCK 3 Wireless Controller
(read only) CD × 24 (CD-ROM) ®
Battery type Built-in rechargeable Lithium-Ion battery
Voltage DC .7 V
Battery capacity 610 mAh
Mass Approx. 180 g (6.4 oz)
48

--- Page 49 ---
49
Specifications
Supplied AV cable and USB cable
Playable discs
AV cable Company: SONY US
For additional information on compatible media types, visit our website at
Part No.: 1-88-149-11 www.us.playstation.com.
USB cable Company: SONY
Part No.: 1-8-625-12 PlayStation® format BD-ROM
BD-ROM
Blu-ray Disc (BD)
BRAVIA™ Sync BD-R
BD-RE*1
DVD-ROM
DVD+R/RW
DVD DVD-R/RW
"BRAVIA™ Sync" is a Sony product feature that allows you to use the remote
AVCHD
controls of BRAVIA™ televisions (Sony Corporation products) to operate various
DSD Disc
devices that are connected to each other through HDMI cables. BRAVIA™ Sync
uses the control signals that are transferred through the HDMI connections. PlayStation® format CD-ROM*2
To enable the BRAVIA™ Sync feature, go to (Settings) (System Settings) CD CD-DA (audio CD)*
[Control for HDMI], and set the option to [On]. For details, refer to the online CD-R/RW
user’s guide (http://manuals.playstation.net/document/) and the instructions
*1 Playback of BD-RE ver. 1.0 discs is not supported.
supplied with the BRAVIA™ products in use.
*2 This model of the PlayStation® system is designed to play PlayStation® format
Hint software and has limited backward compatibility. This system is not compatible
with and will not play PlayStation®2 format software. Some PlayStation® format
This feature can only be used on devices that support the BRAVIA™ Sync feature.
software may play on this system. For more information, visit
Compatibility with all devices that comply with the HDMI CEC specification is not
www.us.playstation.com.
guaranteed.
* Playback of Super Audio CDs is not supported.

--- Page 50 ---
Specifications
Region codes  When using an 8 cm disc, insert the disc in the system without an adaptor.
Depending on the disc, a region code that is based on the geographic region  The audio CD playback feature of this system is designed to conform to the
where the disc is distributed may be assigned. This system can play discs Compact Disc (CD) standard. Recently, some record companies have started
marked with the following region codes. marketing music discs encoded with copyright protection technologies. Some
of these music discs do not conform to the CD standard and may not be
Disc Region code playable on this system.
 A DualDisc is a dual-sided disc that combines a DVD side and an audio side.
Blu-ray Disc (BD) Note that the audio side is not guaranteed to play because this type of disc
does not conform to the specifications required for an audio Compact Disc
(CD).
DVD ALL
 If a device that is not compatible with the HDCP (High-bandwidth Digital
Content Protection) standard is connected to the system using an HDMI cable,
PlayStation® format BD-ROM video or audio cannot be output from the system.
 Copyright-protected Blu-ray video discs can only be output at 1080p using an
HDMI cable connected to a device that is compatible with the HDCP (High-
PlayStation® format CD-ROM bandwidth Digital Content Protection) standard.
 When you use the AV MULTI OUT connector of the system to connect to a TV,
the resolution used to output copyright-protected video from a BD or from video
DVD and PlayStation ® 3 format software files may be limited or the video may not be output.
 When outputting DVD content or PlayStation® format software in SD resolution,  When playing discs with content that was copied fraudulently, abnormal sounds
only discs recorded in the NTSC standard can be played. may be produced or the content may not play correctly.
 When playing PlayStation® format software in HD resolution, a TV that supports  To enjoy continuous playback of copyright-protected BDs, the encryption key
video playback at 59.94 Hz is required. for AACS (Advanced Access Control System) may need to be renewed. To
renew the key, you must update the system software.
DVD-R/DVD-RW/DVD+R/DVD+RW discs  Some discs may not be playable due to scratches, dust, the quality of
recording, or the characteristics of the recording device.
Discs that have not been finalized cannot be played.
 In rare instances, CDs, DVDs, BDs and other media may not operate properly
when played on the PS™ system. This is primarily due to variations in the
Notices manufacturing process or encoding of the software.
 Use only circular-shaped discs with the system. Do not use irregularly-shaped
discs (for example, heart- or star-shaped discs). Using irregularly-shaped
discs may cause a malfunction.
 Do not use damaged, re-shaped or repaired discs. Use of such discs may
cause a malfunction.
50

--- Page 51 ---
51
Specifications
Removing the battery
Wireless controller battery
US
Caution
Caution
 Remove the battery in a location out of the reach of small children to help
 If you come into contact with material from a leaking battery, take the prevent accidental swallowing of small parts such as the screws.
following actions:  Be careful not to hurt your nails or fingers when removing the controller
– If the material gets into the eyes, do not rub. Immediately flush the eyes casing.
with clean water and seek medical attention.  For safety reasons, attach tape or a seal on the metal part of the battery
– If the material comes into contact with the skin or clothes, immediately before disposing.
rinse the affected area with clean water. Consult your physician if
inflammation or soreness develops.
 Do not allow the battery to come into contact with fire or subject it to extreme Notice
temperatures such as in direct sunlight, in a vehicle exposed to the sun or
Other than when disposing of the wireless controller, never remove the screws
near a heat source.
and never remove the battery from the wireless controller.
Wireless controller battery life 1
Disconnect the USB cable from the wireless controller.
 The battery has a limited lifespan. Battery duration will gradually decrease with
repeated usage and age. 2
Using a crosshead screwdriver, remove the screws (5 places).
 Battery life also varies depending on the storage method, usage state,
environment and other factors.
Storage
When the wireless controller is not used for an extended period of time, it is
recommended that you fully charge it at least once a year in order to maintain
battery functionality.
When disposing of the wireless controller
The lithium-ion battery of the wireless controller is recyclable. When
disposing of the wireless controller, remove the battery and follow local
regulations regarding disposing of batteries.

--- Page 52 ---
Specifications
3
Remove the casing.
 Push in the direction of the arrow.
 Pull the casing apart.
4
After disconnecting the connector, remove the battery.
Connector
Battery
Recycling Lithium-Ion Batteries
Lithium-Ion batteries are recyclable.
You can help preserve our environment by returning your used
rechargeable batteries to the collection and recycling location
nearest you.
For more information regarding recycling of rechargeable batteries,
call toll free 1-800-822-887, or visit http://www.rbrc.org/
Caution
Do not handle damaged or leaking Lithium-Ion batteries.
52

--- Page 53 ---
5
LIMITED
HARDWARE
WARRANTY
AND
LIABILITY
LIMITED HARDWARE WARRANTY AND LIABILITY
Sony Computer Entertainment America ("SCEA") warrants to the original THIS WARRANTY IS PROVIDED TO YOU IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS
purchaser that the PS™ hardware shall be free from material defects in material OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF
and workmanship for a period of one (1) year from the original date of purchase MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE FOR THE US
(the "Warranty Period"). If the product is determined to be materially defective PS3™ HARDWARE, WHICH ARE DISCLAIMED HEREUNDER. HOWEVER, IF
during the Warranty Period, your sole remedy and SCEA’s sole and exclusive SUCH WARRANTIES ARE REQUIRED AS A MATTER OF LAW, THEN THEY
liability shall be limited to the repair or replacement of this product with a factory ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD.
recertified product at SCEA’s option. For purpose of this Limited Hardware
Warranty and Liability, "factory recertified" means a product that has been YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE RECOURSE IN THE EVENT OF ANY
returned to its original specifications. You must visit DISSATISFACTION WITH OR DAMAGE ARISING FROM THE USE OF THE
www.us.playstation.com/support or call 1-800-45-7669 to receive a return PS3™ HARDWARE AND SCEA’S MAXIMUM LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED
authorization and shipping instructions. TO REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT OF THE PS3™ SYSTEM.
THIS WARRANTY SHALL NOT APPLY IF THIS PRODUCT (A) IS USED WITH EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED ABOVE, SCEA EXCLUDES ALL LIABILITY
PRODUCTS THAT ARE NOT COMPATIBLE WITH THIS PRODUCT; (B) IS USED FOR ANY LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF PROFIT, OR ANY OTHER LOSS OR
FOR COMMERCIAL PURPOSES (INCLUDING RENTAL); (C) IS MODIFIED, OR DAMAGE SUFFERED BY YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY, WHETHER SUCH
TAMPERED WITH; (D) IS DAMAGED BY ACTS OF GOD, MISUSE, ABUSE, DAMAGES ARE DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, OR
NEGLIGENCE, ACCIDENT, WEAR AND TEAR, UNREASONABLE USE, OR BY INCIDENTAL AND HOWEVER ARISING UNDER ANY THEORY OF LAW, AS A
OTHER CAUSES UNRELATED TO DEFECTIVE MATERIALS OR RESULT OF USING YOUR PS3™ HARDWARE. SOME STATES OR PROVINCES
WORKMANSHIP; (E) HAS HAD THE SERIAL NUMBER ALTERED, DEFACED DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATION ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY
OR REMOVED; OR (F) HAS HAD THE WARRANTY SEAL ON THE PS3™ LASTS AND SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR
SYSTEM ALTERED, DEFACED, OR REMOVED. THIS WARRANTY DOES NOT LIMITATIONS OF CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO THE
COVER CONSUMABLES (SUCH AS BATTERIES) OR PRODUCTS SOLD "AS LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IS" OR WITH ALL FAULTS. THIS WARRANTY SHALL ALSO BE VOIDABLE BY
SCEA IF (1) SCEA REASONABLY BELIEVES THAT THE PS3™ SYSTEM HAS
This warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights
BEEN USED IN A MANNER THAT WOULD VIOLATE THE TERMS AND
which vary from state to state or province to province. This warranty is valid only
CONDITIONS OF A SEPARATE END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR
in the United States and Canada.
SYSTEM SOFTWARE; OR (2) THE PRODUCT IS USED WITH PRODUCTS NOT
SOLD OR LICENSED BY SCEA (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NON-
The warranty offered by Sony Computer Entertainment America on your PS™
LICENSED GAME ENHANCEMENT DEVICES, CONTROLLERS, ADAPTORS
hardware is the same whether or not you register your product.
AND POWER SUPPLY DEVICES). YOU ASSUME ALL RISKS AND LIABILITIES
ASSOCIATED WITH USE OF THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS. A VALID PROOF OF
PURCHASE IN THE FORM OF A BILL OF SALE OR RECEIPT FROM AN This warranty does not apply to any system software that is pre-installed in
AUTHORIZED RETAILER WITH THE DATE OF THE ORIGINAL PURCHASE the PS3™ hardware, or is subsequently provided via update or upgrade
MUST BE PRESENTED TO OBTAIN WARRANTY SERVICE. releases. Such system software is licensed to you under the terms and
conditions of a separate end user license agreement at
http://www.scei.co.jp/ps3-eula/ and such software is provided pursuant to its
own warranty.

--- Page 54 ---
LIMITED HARDWARE WARRANTY AND LIABILITY
Service policy
You understand and acknowledge that any time SCEA services your PS™
system (either within the Warranty Period or under a separate service
arrangement), it may become necessary for SCEA to provide certain services to
your PS™ system to ensure it is functioning properly in accordance with SCEA
guidelines. Such services may include the installation of the latest software or
firmware updates, or service or replacement of the PS™ system’s hard disk or
the PS™ system with a new or factory recertified product. You acknowledge and
agree that some services may change your current settings, cause a removal of
cosmetic stickers or system skins, cause a loss of data or content, or cause some
loss of functionality. You should back up your hard disk regularly to prevent loss of
data, although some content cannot be backed up and must be reinstalled by the
user. You should also remove any peripherals, non-PS™ system components,
and any content that you consider proprietary, private, or confidential before you
send in your PS™ system for service. SCEA shall not be liable for damages
resulting from your failure to comply with the foregoing, or any instructions
provided to you by SCEA. SCEA reserves the right to refuse service or void the
warranty of any PS™ system that has been modified or tampered with.
Except as otherwise stated in the Limited Hardware Warranty and Liability
above, you agree that (i) the services are provided "AS IS" without any
express or implied warranties; and (ii) SCEA shall not be liable for any direct
and indirect, consequential, or special damages, including any damages that
may arise from loss of data or functionality. The foregoing limitation shall
apply to the extent permitted by applicable law.
54

--- Page 55 ---
55
Copyright
and
trademarks
Copyright and trademarks
" ", "PlayStation", "SIXAXIS" and "DUALSHOCK" are registered trademarks of Contains Macromedia® Flash® Player technology by Adobe
Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. " " and " " are trademarks of the Copyright © 1995-2008 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved. Flash,
same company. Macromedia, and Macromedia Flash are either trademarks or registered US
trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and/or other
countries.
"XMB" and "xross media bar" are trademarks of Sony Corporation and Sony
Computer Entertainment Inc.
"SONY" and " " are registered trademarks of Sony Corporation. "Memory Stick",
"Memory Stick Duo", " ", "ATRAC", "BRAVIA" logo, "BRAVIA" and the "x.v.Color"
name and logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sony Corporation.
" " and AOSS™ are the trademarks of BUFFALO INC.
© 2006 All Media Guide, LLC
"AVCHD" and "AVCHD" logo are trademarks of Panasonic Corporation and Sony Content and technology provided by All Media Guide®.
Corporation.
"Blu-ray Disc" and are trademarks.
Copyright © 2004-2006 Cambridge Silicon Radio Ltd.
The Bluetooth® word mark and logos are owned by the Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and
any use of such marks by Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. is under license.
Other trademarks and trade names are those of their respective owners.

--- Page 56 ---
Copyright and trademarks
DivX, DivX Certified, and associated logos are trademarks of DivX, Inc. and are Manufactured under license from Dolby Laboratories. Dolby and the double-D
used under license. symbol are trademarks of Dolby Laboratories.
U.S. and foreign patents licensed from Dolby Laboratories.
DLNA and DLNA CERTIFIED are trademarks and/or service marks of Digital
Living Network Alliance. The DVD logo is a trademark.
Manufactured under license under U.S. Patent #’s: 5,451,942; 5,956,674;
5,974,80; 5,978,762; 6,226,616; 6,487,55 & other U.S. and worldwide patents
All of the Japanese fonts and some parts of the Latin fonts in this machine use
issued & pending.
characters provided by Fontworks Japan, Inc.
DTS is a registered trademark and the DTS logos, Symbol, DTS-HD and DTS-HD
Master Audio are trademarks of DTS, Inc.
© 1996-2008 DTS, Inc. All Rights Reserved. HDMI, the HDMI logo and High-Definition Multimedia Interface are trademarks or
registered trademarks of HDMI Licensing, LLC.
ATOK is a registered trademark of JUSTSYSTEM CORP. in Japan and other
countries.
56

--- Page 57 ---
57
Copyright
and
trademarks
Anti-Grain Geometry - Version 2.0 Java and all Java based trademarks and logos are trademarks or registered
Copyright © 2002-2004 Maxim Shemanarev (McSeem) trademarks of Sun Microsystems, Inc. in the U.S. and other countries.
Permission to copy, use, modify, sell and distribute this software is granted US
provided this copyright notice appears in all copies.
This software is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty, and with no
claim as to its suitability for any purpose.
This product includes RSA BSAFE® Cryptographic software from RSA Security
Inc.
RSA, BSAFE are either registered trademarks or trademarks of RSA Security Inc. @(#)fdlibm.h 1.5 95/01/18
in the United States and/or other countries.
RSA Security Inc. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 199 by Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved
Developed at SunSoft, a Sun Microsystems, Inc. business.
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software is freely granted,
provided that this notice is preserved.
MPEG Layer- audio coding technology and patents licensed from Fraunhofer IIS
and Thomson.
This product adopts STC texture compression technology under license from S
Graphics, Co., Ltd. MpSurround audio coding technology and patents licensed from Fraunhofer IIS,
Thomson, and Agere.
The USB-IF Logos are trademarks of Universal Serial Bus Implementers Forum,
Inc.

--- Page 58 ---
Copyright and trademarks
eZiText® and Zi® are registered trademarks of Zi Corporation.
Portions of this software are copyright © 1996-2008 The FreeType Project
(www.freetype.org). All rights reserved.
This software is based in part on the work of the Independent JPEG Group.
Visit http://www.scei.co.jp/ps-license/index.html for other licensees and
trademarks.
All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
58

--- Page 59 ---
59

--- Page 60 ---
ADVERTENCIA
Para evitar descargas eléctricas, no abra la unidad. Confie NOTA:
solamente sus reparaciones a personal cualificado. Este equipo ha sido sometido a pruebas y se ha determinado que cumple con
los límites requeridos por los aparatos digitales de clase B, en cumplimiento con
la Sección 15 de las regulaciones de la FCC (Comisión Federal de
Precaución
Comunicaciones). Estas especificaciones han sido diseñadas para proporcionar
El empleo de controles, ajustes o procedimientos distintos una protección razonable contra interferencias perjudiciales en una instalación
residencial. Este equipo genera, utiliza y puede emitir energía de radiofrecuencia
de los aquí recogidos puede dar lugar a una exposición a
y, de no ser instalado y utilizado de acuerdo con las instrucciones, podría
radiaciones peligrosas. ocasionar interferencias perjudiciales en las comunicaciones de radio. No
obstante, no se garantiza que no ocurra ninguna interferencia en una instalación
El uso de instrumentos ópticos con este producto aumenta
particular. Si el presente equipo causa interferencia en la recepción de radio o de
el riesgo de daños oculares. televisión, la cual puede determinarse al apagar y encender el equipo, se
recomienda que el usuario intente corregir la interferencia mediante una o más
de las medidas siguientes:
− Cambie la orientación o ubicación de la antena de recepción.
− Aumente la separación entre el equipo y el receptor.
− Conecte el equipo en un tomacorriente de circuito distinto al que está
conectado el receptor.
Este dispositivo está clasificado como producto LÁSER DE CLASE 1 según la − Consulte con su distribuidor o con un técnico especializado en radio/television
norma IEC60825-1:2007. para solicitar asistencia.
Este equipo cumple con los límites de exposición de radiación FCC/IC Tenga precaución de que cualquier cambio o modificación no expresamente
establecidos para equipos no controlados y cumple con los Lineamientos de aprobada por la parte responsable del cumplimiento podría anular la autoridad
Exposición de frecuencia de radio (FR) de FCC en el Suplemento C a OET 65 y del usuario de operar el equipo.
RSS-102 de las normas de Exposición de frecuencia de radio (FR) de la IC. Este
equipo no debe instalarse ni operarse con por lo menos 20 cm (8 pulgadas) y
más entre el radiador y el cuerpo de la persona (excluyendo extremidades:
manos, muñecas, pies y piernas). Este transmisor no debe ser colocado o puesto
en funcionamiento junto con ninguna antena o transmisor.
El mando inalámbrico cumple con los límites de exposición de radiación FCC/IC
establecidos para equipos no controlados y cumple con los Lineamientos de
Exposición de frecuencia de radio (FR) de FCC en el Suplemento C a OET 65 y
RSS-102 de las normas de Exposición de frecuencia de radio (FR) de la IC. Se
considera que este equipo cumple con dos niveles de energía de RF sin realizar
pruebas de índice específico de absorción.
60

--- Page 61 ---
ES
61
ADVERTENCIA
Si tiene alguna pregunta relacionada a este producto, póngase en contacto Fotosensibilidad/epilepsia/convulsiones
con nuestro servicio de asistencia técnica, llamando al 1-800-345-7669 ó
escriba a: Existe la posibilidad de que un pequeño porcentaje de personas sufra ataques
Sony Computer Entertainment America epilépticos o pérdidas pasajeras del conocimiento al exponerse a ciertos
Consumer Services/Technical Support patrones luminosos o luces intermitentes. Estas personas podrían sufrir un ataque
PO Box 5888, San Mateo, CA 94402-0888 U.S.A. epiléptico o pérdidas pasajeras del conocimiento al exponerse a ciertos patrones
o fondos en la pantalla del televisor o al jugar a videojuegos. Estas condiciones
Declaración de Conformidad
podrían provocar síntomas de epilepsia no detectada previamente o
Nombre comercial: SONY convulsiones incluso en personas sin un historial de ataques o epilepsia o
Número de modelo: CECH-2501A convulsiones. Si usted, o cualquier miembro de su familia, sufre de epilepsia o
experimenta convulsiones de cualquier tipo, consulte a su médico antes de
Responsabilidad: Sony Electronics Inc.
utilizar un videojuego.
Domicilio: 16530 Via Esprillo
San Diego, CA 92127 U.S.A.
DEJE DE UTILIZAR EL SISTEMA INMEDIATAMENTE y consulte a su médico
Número de teléfono: 858-942-2230
antes de volver a utilizar un videojuego si usted o su hijo experimentan cualquiera
Este dispositivo cumple con Parte 15 de las Normas FCC y RSS-Gen de las de los siguientes problemas de salud o muestran síntomas:
Normas IC. El funcionamiento se encuentra sujeto a las dos condiciones
 mareos,
siguientes: (1) este dispositivo no podrá ocasionar interferencia perjudicial y
(2) este dispositivo debe aceptar cualquier tipo de interferencia recibida,  problemas en la vista,
incluyendo interferencias que puedan afectar al funcionamiento del  contracciones oculares o musculares,
dispositivo.
 pérdida de conocimiento,
 desorientación,
 convulsiones, o
 cualquier movimiento involuntario o convulsiones.
NO VUELVA A UTILIZAR UN VIDEOJUEGO HASTA QUE ASÍ SE LO INDIQUE
SU MÉDICO.
Acerca de la batería de litio tipo moneda para respaldo de
memoria Cómo usar y manipular los videojuegos para reducir la
La batería de litio tipo moneda para respaldo de memoria en el interior de este posibilidad de un ataque
producto contiene perclorato.
 Utilice el sistema en una zona bien iluminada y manténgase lo más alejado
La siguiente declaración es requerimiento del Estado de California, EE.UU.: posible del televisor.
Material de Perclorato - puede requerir un manejo especial, vea:
 Evite los televisores de gran tamaño. Utilice un televisor del menor tamaño
http://www.dtsc.ca.gov/hazardouswaste/perchlorate *
posible.
* Sitio Web disponible únicamente en inglés.

--- Page 62 ---
ADVERTENCIA
 Evite el uso prolongado del sistema PS3™. Tómese un descanso de 15
Software de formato PlayStation y PlayStation 2
minutos durante cada hora de juego. ® ®
 Evite jugar si está cansado o tiene sueño. Este modelo del sistema PlayStation®3 está diseñado para reproducir software de
formato PlayStation®3 y tiene compatibilidad retroactiva limitada. Este sistema no
Ondas radiofónicas
es compatible y no reproducirá software de formato PlayStation®2. Es posible
reproducir ciertos títulos de software de formato PlayStation® en este sistema.
Para más información, visite www.us.playstation.com.
Las ondas radiofónicas podrían afectar a los equipos electrónicos o los equipos
médicos (por ejemplo los marcapasos), y ocasionar fallos de funcionamiento o
daños personales. Software del sistema
 Si utiliza un marcapasos o cualquier otro dispositivo médico, consulte a su
médico o al fabricante del dispositivo antes de usar la función de red El software del sistema que se incorpora con este producto está sujeto a una
inalámbrica (Bluetooth® y LAN inalámbrica). licencia limitada de Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. Consulte
http://www.scei.co.jp/ps3-eula para obtener más información.
 No utilice la función de red inalámbrica en los siguientes lugares:
– Zonas en las que esté prohibido el uso de redes inalámbricas como, por
ejemplo, en hospitales. Respete las normativas de los centros médicos Acerca del control de exportación nacional
cuando utilice el sistema en sus instalaciones.
Este producto puede estar dentro del ámbito de la legislación nacional en
– Cerca de alarmas de incendios, puertas automáticas y otros dispositivos
materia de control de exportación. Usted debe cumplir completamente con los
automatizados.
requerimientos de dicha legislación y de todas las otras leyes de cualquier otra
jurisdicción que se apliquen en relación a este producto.
Imágenes en 3D
Acerca de la regulación de la Administración de
Ciertas personas pueden sufrir molestias (como, por ejemplo, vista cansada o
náusea) al ver vídeos en 3D o al jugar juegos en 3D estereoscópico en un Exportaciones de los EE. UU.
televisor 3D. Si sufre de dichas molestias suspenda inmediatamente el uso de su
televisor hasta que pase el malestar. Este producto contiene software que está sujeto a ciertas restricciones según la
SCE le recomienda a todos los usuarios que se tomen descanso regularmente al ver regulación de la Administración de Exportaciones de los EE. UU. y puede no ser
vídeos en 3D o al jugar juegos en 3D estereoscópico. La duración y frecuencia necesaria exportable o re-exportable a los destinos bajo embargo estadounidense.
del descanso varía de persona a persona. Asegúrese de descansar lo suficiente para Además, este producto no puede ser exportado o re-exportado a las personas o
que pase cualquier molestia. Consulte a su médico si persisten los síntomas. entidades prohibidas según la regulación de la Administración de Exportaciones
de los EE. UU.
La visión de niños aún está en desarrollo (en especial en los menores de seis
años). Consulte con un médico (como, por ejemplo, un pediatra u oculista) antes
de permitir que sus hijos pequeños vean vídeos en 3D o jueguen a juegos en 3D
estereoscópico. Al utilizar un dispositivo compatible con 3D con su sistema
PlayStation®3 lea el manual de instrucciones para el dispositivo y visite
62 www.us.playstation.com/support/3D para información actualizada.

--- Page 63 ---
ES
63
Índice
Índice
Conexión.a.Internet...................................................................90
ADVERTENCIA................................................................................60
Utilización.del.navegador.de.Internet..............................................90
Precauciones...................................................................................64
Visualización.de.la.guía.del.usuario...............................................90
Información.online.sobre.el.sistema.PS3™.....................................68
Menú.XMB™.(XrossMediaBar)........................................................69
Crear.una.cuenta.PlayStation®Network..........................................90
Actualizaciones.del.sistema.PS3™...........................................91
Nombres.de.los.componentes...................................................70
Utilización.del.teclado.en.pantalla.............................................92
Procedimientos.iniciales............................................................71
Control.paterno..........................................................................93
Métodos.de.conexión......................................................................71
Configuración.inicial.del.software.del.sistema................................73
Cambio.del.disco.duro...............................................................94
Salida.de.vídeo.del.sistema.PS3™................................................74
Conexión.de.los.dispositivos.de.sonido.digital................................78 Copias.de.seguridad.de.los.datos..................................................95
Extracción.del.disco.duro................................................................96
Encendido.y.apagado.del.sistema.PS3™.................................79 Sustitución.del.disco.duro...............................................................97
Reinstalación.del.software.del.sistema...........................................99
Uso.del.mando.inalámbrico.......................................................80 Restauración.de.datos.de.los.que.se.ha.realizado.una.copia.de.
seguridad......................................................................................100
Reproducción.del.contenido......................................................82
Transferencia.de.datos.a.otro.sistema.PS3™./..
Blu-ray.Disc.(BD)/DVD/CD..............................................................82
restauración.del.sistema..........................................................101
Reproducir.contenido.en.dispositivos.USB.....................................83
Formatos.de.archivo.que.se.pueden.reproducir.o.visualizar..........83 Transferencia.de.datos.a.otro.sistema.PS3™...............................101
Restauración.del.sistema.PS3™..................................................101
Jugar..........................................................................................84 Antes.de.deshacerse.del.sistema.PS3™.o.de.transferirlo............101
Juegos.compatibles........................................................................84
Antes.de.solicitar.asistencia.técnica........................................102
Juegos............................................................................................84
Ajustes.de.mando...........................................................................85
Datos.guardados.para.el.software.de.formato.PlayStation®3.........85
Especificaciones............................................................................108
Datos.guardados.para.el.software.de.formato.PlayStation®............85
GARANTÍA.DEL.HARDWARE.Y.RESPONSABILIDAD..
LIMITADAS.....................................................................................113
Configuración.de.los.ajustes.de.red..........................................86
Derechos.de.autor.y.marcas.comerciales......................................115
Configuración.de.los.ajustes.de.red.(con.cable).............................87
Configuración.de.los.ajustes.de.red.(inalámbrica)..........................87
Ajuste.de.la.configuración.personalizada.......................................89

--- Page 64 ---
Precauciones
Lea detenidamente todas las precauciones antes de utilizar este producto.  Mantenga el sistema y los accesorios, inluyendo tiras y bridas para cables,
fuera del alcance de los niños pequeños.
Seguridad  No conecte cables diferentes al cable USB mientras el sistema esté encendido
(el indicador de encendido se encuentra en verde intenso).
Este producto ha sido diseñado prestando la máxima atención a las medidas de  Cualquier TV u otro dispositivo conectados al sistema deben funcionar
seguridad. Sin embargo, cualquier dispositivo eléctrico, si se utiliza de forma correctamente y estar libres de defectos. Si un TV u otro dispositivo conectado al
inadecuada, puede causar un incendio, descargas eléctricas o lesiones sistema tienen fallas o defectos, pueden causar daños al TV u otro dispositivo, o
personales. Para tratar de evitar cualquier accidente durante el funcionamiento, al sistema en si. Como con todos los productos eléctricos, la conexión a
siga estas indicaciones: componentes con fallas o defectos, o el uso de un enchufe con un cableado no
 Siga todas las advertencias, precauciones e instrucciones. adecuado puede causar chispas y suponer un peligro de incendio.
 Inspeccione regularmente el cable de alimentación AC para comprobar que no  No toque el sistema, ni los cables o los accesorios conectados durante una
esté dañado. tormenta eléctrica.
 Si la unidad comienza a funcionar de manera anormal, emite sonidos u olores  No utilice el sistema ni los accesorios cerca del agua.
no habituales o se calienta demasiado, deje de utilizarla, desenchufe el cable  No permita que se introduzcan líquidos, partículas pequeñas y demás objetos
de alimentación AC de la toma de corriente eléctrica y desconecte el resto de extrañas en el sistema ni en los accesorios.
cables inmediatamente.
 No toque los conectores del sistema ni los accesorios.
 Para obtener más información acerca de la seguridad del producto y soporte,  No exponga el sistema ni los accesorios al polvo, al humo o al vapor. Asimismo,
visite nuestro sitio Web ( contraportada).
no coloque el sistema en un área donde haya exceso de polvo o humo de
cigarrillos. La acumulación de suciedad o residuos de humo de cigarrillos en
Utilización y manejo los componentes internos (como la lente) puede ocasionar fallos en el sistema.
 No exponga el sistema ni los accesorios a altas temperaturas, a humedad
 Utilice en un lugar bien iluminado y mantenga lo más alejado posible de la elevada ni a la luz solar directa.
pantalla del televisor.  No coloque el sistema ni los accesorios sobre superficies inestables, inclinadas
 Evite el uso prolongado del sistema PS3™ y el mando inalámbrico. o sometidas a vibraciones.
 Deje de utilizar el sistema inmediatamente si comienza a sentirse cansado o  No coloque el sistema en otra posición que no sea la horizontal o vertical. Al
experimenta una sensación de malestar o dolor en las manos o en los brazos colocar el sistema en la posición vertical, utilice la base vertical (se vende por
mientras utiliza el mando inalámbrico. Si el malestar persiste, consulte a su separado) para este modelo del sistema. Además, no cambie la posición del
médico. sistema cuando esté encendido.
 Si sufre alguno de los siguientes problemas de salud, deje de utilizar el sistema  Tenga cuidado al transportar el sistema. Si no lo sujeta firmemente, el sistema
inmediatamente. En caso de que los síntomas persistan, póngase en contacto podría caerse y provocar daños o lesiones.
con un médico.  No mueva ni cambie la posición del sistema con un disco insertado. Las
– Vértigo, náuseas, fatiga o síntomas similares al mareo vibraciones podrían provocar que se raye el disco o daños en el sistema.
– Molestias o dolor en determinadas partes del cuerpo, como en los ojos,  No apague el sistema mientras se estén grabando o cargando datos del disco
oídos, manos o brazos duro.
64

--- Page 65 ---
ES
65
Precauciones
 No coloque objetos ni se ponga de pie sobre el sistema, y no lo apile con otros  Cuando utilice la función de sensor de movimiento del mando inalámbrico,
dispositivos. tenga en cuenta los siguientes puntos. Si el mando golpea a una persona u
 No coloque el sistema ni los accesorios conectados en el suelo ni en lugares objeto, es posible que se produzca un accidente, lesiones o daños materiales.
en los que pueda provocar que las personas tropiecen al pasar. – Antes de utilizarlo, compruebe que cuenta con espacio suficiente alrededor
 No permita que el cuerpo entre en contacto con el sistema ni obstruya el paso de usted.
del aire a través de las rejillas de ventilación de éste durante períodos de – Cuando utilice el mando, sujételo con firmeza para asegurarse que no se
tiempo prolongados mientras lo utilice. El contacto prolongado con el sistema resbalará de sus manos.
en estas condiciones podría provocar quemaduras por bajas temperaturas. – Si utiliza un mando conectado al sistema PS3™ mediante un cable USB,
 Cuando conecte el sistema a un televisor de plasma o a un proyección*, no asegúrese que cuenta con espacio suficiente alrededor de usted para que el
deje una imagen fija en la pantalla del televisor durante un largo período de cable no golpeé a ninguna persona u objeto. Asimismo, tenga cuidado de no
tiempo, ya que ésta puede dejar una imagen débil de forma permanente en la tirar del cable conectado al sistema PS3™ al utilizar el mando.
pantalla. * Estas notas también se aplican a otros mandos.
* Salvo los tipos de pantalla LCD
 Se recomienda a los padres que presten atención a los niños que utilizan Rejillas de ventilación
actividades online para garantizar un uso seguro y responsable de Internet.
No bloquee las rejillas de ventilación. Para mantener una buena ventilación, siga
Notas sobre seguridad al utilizar el mando inalámbrico las instrucciones que se facilitan a continuación:
DUALSHOCK 3*  Coloque el sistema a una distancia mínima de 10 cm (4 pulgadas) de la
® superficie de una pared.
 Si empieza a sentirse cansado o siente dolor en sus manos o brazos cuando  No coloque el sistema sobre moqueta ni sobre alfombras de fibras largas.
está utilizando el mando inalámbrico DUALSHOCK®3 entonces deje de usarlo  No coloque el sistema en lugares estrechos ni reducidos.
inmediatamente. Consulte a su médico si persisten estas condiciones.
 No cubra el sistema con telas.
 La función de vibración del mando inalámbrico DUALSHOCK®3 puede
 No permita que se acumule suciedad en las rejillas de ventilación.
empeorar lesiones previas. Si tiene alguna dolencia o lesión de huesos o
músculos en sus manos o brazos, no utilice la función de vibración. Si tiene
una lesión no juegue a los títulos de software que contiene la función de Utilización del cable de alimentación AC
vibración que utiliza el mando inalámbrico DUALSHOCK®3 a menos que haya
ajustado la función de vibración en [No].  Cualquier TV u otro dispositivo conectados al sistema deben funcionar
 Evite el uso prolongado del mando inalámbrico DUALSHOCK®3. Tómese un correctamente y estar libres de defectos. Si un TV u otro dispositivo conectado
descanso cada 30 minutos. al sistema tienen fallas o defectos, pueden causar daños al TV u otro
dispositivo, o al sistema en si. Como con todos los productos eléctricos, la
 Tenga en cuenta que ciertos títulos de software establecen la función de
conexión a componentes con fallas o defectos, o el uso de un enchufe con un
vibración en [Sí] de forma predeterminada. Para desactivar la función de
cableado no adecuado puede causar chispas y suponer un peligro de
vibración, pulse el botón PS del mando inalámbrico y, a continuación,
incendio.
seleccione [Ajustes de mando] [Función de vibración] [No].

--- Page 66 ---
Precauciones
 No enchufe el cable de alimentación AC del sistema a una toma de corriente
Nunca desmonte ni modifique el sistema ni los
eléctrica hasta que haya realizado todas las conexiones. Asegúrese de que el
TV u otro dispositivo estén desconectados de la toma de corriente eléctrica accesorios
antes de enchufar el sistema.
Utilice el sistema PS3™ y los accesorios de acuerdo con las instrucciones
 Para garantizar un funcionamiento seguro, revise regularmente el cable de
incluidas en la documentación del producto. No está permitido el análisis o la
alimentación AC. En caso de que esté dañado, deje de utilizarlo
modificación del sistema o los accesorios, ni el análisis y el uso de la
inmediatamente y póngase en contacto con el servicio de atención al cliente
configuración de los circuitos. La modificación no autorizada del sistema o los
SCEA ( contraportada).
accesorios anulará la garantía. El sistema PS3™ no contiene ningún componente
 No utilice un cable de alimentación distinto del cable de alimentación AC que pueda reparar el usuario (el disco duro incluido puede extraerse, pero no
suministrado. No realice modificaciones en el cable. desensamblarse ni modificarse). Además, el usuario corre el riesgo de verse
 No toque el enchufe del cable de alimentación AC con las manos mojadas. expuesto a radiación láser y a descargas eléctricas.
 Evite pisar el cable de alimentación AC o que éste quede atrapado,
especialmente en las clavijas, los receptáculos de expansión y en el punto en Redes
el que el cable sale del sistema.
 No coloque objetos pesados sobre el cable.  Para poder conectarse a Internet, es necesario disponer de una conexión de
 No coloque el cable de alimentación AC cerca de equipos de calefacción ni lo banda ancha. Nótese que una conexión a través de módem no es posible.
exponga al calor.  Los usuarios son los responsables del pago de los servicios de Internet. Para
 Desenchufe el cable de alimentación AC de la toma de corriente eléctrica obtener más información, consulte la información suministrada en el contrato
antes de limpiar o mover el sistema, o cuando no vaya a utilizarlo durante un correspondiente o póngase en contacto con su proveedor de servicios de
período de tiempo prolongado. A la hora de desconectar el cable de Internet.
alimentación, sujételo por el enchufe y tire hacia fuera en línea recta para  No use un cable para la línea telefónica residencial estándar ni cables de tipos
extraerlo de la toma de corriente eléctrica. No tire nunca del cable ni saque el diferentes a los mencionados en este documento. El uso del tipo de cable
enchufe tirando en cualquier ángulo. incorrecto puede generar un flujo de corriente eléctrica más alto que el
 No conecte el cable de alimentación AC a un transformador o a un inversor de necesario a través del conector LAN, lo que puede provocar la acumulación de
tensión. Conectar el cable de alimentación AC a un transformador de tensión calor, un incendio o un fallo de funcionamiento.
para viajar al extranjero o a un inversor para usar en un automóvil puede
provocar la acumulación de calor en el sistema y generar quemaduras o un
Función de red inalámbrica
fallo de funcionamiento.
 La gama de frecuencia de 2,4 GHz de ondas de radio que utiliza la función de
red inalámbrica de este producto es una gama de frecuencia que comparten
diversos dispositivos. Este producto se ha diseñado para minimizar el efecto
de otros dispositivos que utilizan la misma gama de frecuencia. No obstante,
en algunos casos, las interferencias procedentes de otros dispositivos pueden
reducir la velocidad de conexión, el alcance de la señal, o bien provocar que la
conexión se interrumpa inesperadamente.
66

--- Page 67 ---
ES
67
Precauciones
 Cuando utilice la función para escanear del sistema PS3™ a fin de seleccionar Rejillas de ventilación
un punto de acceso a la red LAN inalámbrica, es posible que se muestren los
Cuando se acumule polvo en las rejillas de ventilación del sistema, elimínelo con
puntos de acceso no destinados a uso público. Conecte el sistema únicamente
una aspiradora de baja potencia.
a un punto de acceso que esté autorizado a utilizar.
Discos
Condensación de humedad
Si se traslada el sistema o el disco directamente de un lugar frío a uno cálido, Acerca de la compatibilidad
puede condensarse humedad en la lente situada en el interior del sistema o en el
Algunos soportes pueden presentar restricciones de área o territoriales, y
disco. Si ocurre esto, es posible que el sistema no funcione correctamente. En
posiblemente no funcionen con este sistema. Consulte el embalaje de los
este caso, extraiga el disco, y apague y desenchufe el sistema. No vuelva a
soportes para obtener información detallada.
introducir el disco hasta que se haya evaporado la humedad (podrían transcurrir
varias horas). En caso de que el sistema siga sin funcionar correctamente,
póngase en contacto con el servicio de atención al cliente SCEA Manejo
( contraportada) para obtener ayuda.
 No toque la superficie del disco cuando lo manipule; sujételo por los bordes.
 No adhiera papel ni cinta sobre los discos, ni escriba en ellos.
Limpieza  La presencia de huellas dactilares, polvo, suciedad o rasguños en el disco
puede distorsionar la imagen o reducir la calidad del sonido. Maneje siempre
Por razones de seguridad, antes de limpiar el sistema o los accesorios los discos con cuidado y asegúrese de que estén limpios antes de utilizarlos.
conectados, desconecte el cable de alimentación AC de la toma de corriente
eléctrica.
Almacenamiento
Superficies externas (cubierta de plástico del sistema y del  No exponga los discos a altas temperaturas, a humedad elevada ni a la luz
solar directa.
mando inalámbrico)
 Cuando no vaya a utilizar los discos durante un período de tiempo prolongado,
Siga las instrucciones facilitadas a continuación para contribuir a evitar que el guárdelos en sus cajas. Apilar los discos sin cajas o almacenarlos en una
exterior del producto se deteriore o se decolore. posición que forme un ángulo puede provocar su deformación.
 Límpiela con un paño suave y seco.
 No coloque ningún tipo de material de goma o vinilo en el exterior del producto Método de limpieza
durante un período de tiempo prolongado.
 Limpie los discos con un paño suave, frotando con suavidad
 No utilice disolventes ni otras sustancias químicas. No limpie con paños de desde el centro hacia fuera.
limpieza tratados químicamente.
 No utilice disolventes, limpiadores de discos, aerosoles
antiestáticos u otras sustancias químicas, ya que pueden
producirse daños en los discos.

--- Page 68 ---
Información online sobre el sistema PS3™ Amigos
En este manual se explican las características del hardware y se proporciona Conversación e intercambio de
información básica sobre la configuración y el funcionamiento del sistema PS3™, y se mensajes
incluyen advertencias y precauciones para utilizarlo de manera segura y adecuada.
PlayStation Network
Para obtener información actualizada en relación al sistema PS3™, también puede ®
acceder a la siguiente información disponible en Internet. Utilización de servicios
Manual del usuario online h ttp://manuals.playstation.net/document/
PlayStation®Network
Este manual contiene información detallada acerca de el uso del software del sistema PS3™. Red
Actualizaciones del software del sistema w ww.us.playstation.com/ps3
Conexión a Internet
Este sitio proporciona la información más reciente acerca de las actualizaciones del software del
sistema.
Juego
Sitio oficial de PlayStation®3 www.us.playstation.com/ps3
El sitio oficial para los productos de PlayStation®3 proporciona la información más reciente acerca Jugar
de los títulos de software y accesorios de hardware.
Vídeo
Soporte w ww.us.playstation.com/support
El sitio oficial para soporte de productos PlayStation® proporciona las preguntas y respuestas más
recientes acerca de su producto. Reproducción de vídeos
Música
Compruebe que dispone de los siguientes elementos. Si falta algún elemento,
póngase en contacto con el servicio de atención al cliente SCEA
Reproducción de música
( contraportada).
Foto
 Sistema PlayStation®3
 Mando inalámbrico DUALSHOCK®3 Visualización de imágenes
 Cable de alimentación AC
Ajustes
 Cable AV
Configuración de los ajustes del
 Cable USB
sistema PS3™
 Materiales impresos
Usuarios
La información publicada en este documento sobre la funcionalidad del sistema puede variar de
Selección de los usuarios que podrán
lo que aparece en su sistema PS3™, en función de la versión de software del sistema en uso.
iniciar sesión en el sistema PS3™
68

--- Page 69 ---
Menú XMB (XrossMediaBar)
™
Categoría
69
Elemento
El sistema PS3™ incluye una interfaz de usuario llamada XMB™ (XrossMediaBar).
Botón PS : Botón :
Muestra.el.menú.XMB™.. Muestra.las.opciones.del.
Enciende/apaga.el.sistema.. menú/panel.de.control.
Salga.del.juego. Botón :
Cancela.una.operación.
Botón :
Botones de dirección:
Confirma.el.elemento.
Se.utilizan.para.seleccionar.
seleccionado.
categorías/elementos.en.
pantalla.
Menú de opciones Panel de control
Se.muestra.al.seleccionar.un.icono.y. Se.muestra.al.pulsar.el.botón. .durante.la.
pulsar.el.botón. reproducción.de.contenido

--- Page 70 ---
Nombres de los componentes
Parte frontal/posterior del sistema Mando inalámbrico DUALSHOCK 3
®
Indicadores de puerto Conector USB
Ranura para disco Botón L2 Botón R2
Botón L1 Botón R1
Botón de encendido
Botón extraer Botón
Indicador de acceso WLAN Botones de dirección Botón
Indicador de acceso disco duro Botón
Conectores USB Botón
Conector LAN Joystick izquierdo/ Joystick derecho/
Conector HDMI OUT botón L3* botón R3*
Botón SELECT Botón START (inicio)
(selección) Botón PS
* Los botones L3 y R3 funcionan cuando se pulsan los joysticks.
Rejilla de ventilación
Conector AC IN
Conector AV MULTI OUT Avisos
Conector DIGITAL OUT (OPTICAL)  No coloque el sistema en un área donde haya exceso de polvo o humo de
cigarrillos. La acumulación de suciedad o residuos de humo de cigarrillos
en los componentes internos (como los lectores ópticos) puede ocasionar
fallos en el sistema.
 No mueva ni cambie de posición el sistema mientras el indicador de
encendido esté iluminado en verde intenso o verde intermitente. La
Precaución vibración resultante de mover el sistema puede producir daños o pérdida
de datos o dañar el sistema.
 No use el sistema en un armario cerrado ni en otras ubicaciones en las que  Algunos periféricos de PlayStation® y PlayStation®2, como el control
pueda acumularse calor. Si lo hace el sistema puede sobrecalentarse y analógico (DUALSHOCK®) y el control analógico (DUALSHOCK®2) no son
provocar incendios, lesiones o averías. compatibles con el sistema PS3™. Para obtener más detalles, visite la
 Si la temperatura interna del sistema aumenta demasiado, el indicador de página Web www.us.playstation.com.
encendido parpadeará de forma alternativa en rojo y verde. En ese caso,
apague el sistema ( página 79) y no lo utilice durante un tiempo. Cuando Nota
el sistema se enfríe, trasládelo a una ubicación bien ventilada y luego
Al colocar el sistema en la posición vertical, es necesario utilizar el soporte
reanude su uso.
vertical (se vende por separado) para mayor estabilidad.
70

--- Page 71 ---
ES
71
Procedimientos
iniciales
Procedimientos iniciales
Métodos de conexión
Conecte el sistema a un televisor
Puede utilizar cualquiera de los siguientes métodos para conectar el sistema a un televisor.
Salida de vídeo con resolución SD (definición estándar)
Conector Conector HDMI OUT AV MULTI OUT
Precaución
Cualquier TV u otro dispositivo conectados al
sistema deben funcionar correctamente y estar
libres de defectos. Si un TV u otro dispositivo
conectado al sistema tienen fallas o defectos,
pueden causar daños al TV u otro dispositivo, o al
sistema en si. Como con todos los productos
eléctricos, la conexión a componentes con fallas o
defectos, o el uso de un enchufe con un cableado
no adecuado puede causar chispas y suponer un
peligro de incendio.
Si no se muestra vídeo en la pantalla
Si cambia el tipo de cable utilizado para conectar el
sistema a un televisor, es posible que no se muestre la
señal de vídeo en la pantalla. Si no aparece la señal
de vídeo, apague el sistema y vuelva a encenderlo
pulsando el botón de encendido durante al menos
cinco segundos (hasta que el sistema emita dos
pitidos). Los ajustes de salida de vídeo se
restablecerán y el vídeo se emitirá con resolución de
definición estándar (SD).
VIDEO
L-AUDIO-R
Conector Cable AV AV MULTI OUT
Televisor
Salida de vídeo con resolución HD (alta definición) - vídeo componente
Salida de vídeo con resolución HD (alta definición) - HDMI™
Conector Cable HDMI
HDMI OUT (se vende por separado) Televisor
Y
PB/CBPR/CR
L
R
COMPONENT
VIDEO
IN
AUDIO
IN

Conector Cable AV por Componentes
AV MULTI OUT (se vende por separado)
Televisor
Notas
 Para obtener más información acerca de los tipos de cables de salida de vídeo y los modos de vídeo
compatibles, consulte "Salida de vídeo del sistema PS3™" ( página 74) y "Tipos de cable de salida
de vídeo" ( página 75).
 Es posible conectar dispositivos de audio que admitan la reproducción de audio digital como, por
ejemplo, un receptor de AV para fines de entretenimiento doméstico. Si desea obtener más
información, consulte "Conexión de los dispositivos de sonido digital" ( página 78).

--- Page 72 ---
Procedimientos iniciales
Conecte un cable Ethernet (se vende por separado)
Utilice un cable Ethernet para conectar el sistema a Internet.
Conector LAN Conector AC IN Nota
Es posible utilizar una conexión de red inalámbrica para realizar la conexión a Internet sin utilizar un
cable Ethernet. Si desea obtener más información, consulte "Configuración de los ajustes de red"
( página 86).
 
Precaución
No conecte una línea de teléfono estándar ni cables de otro tipo que no sean compatibles con el
sistema directamente al conector LAN, ya que podría ocasionar sobrecalentamiento, un incendio
o un fallo en el funcionamiento del sistema.
Conecte el cable de alimentación AC
Tras enchufar el cable de alimentación AC a la red eléctrica, el indicador de encendido
del sistema PS3™ se iluminará en rojo intenso ( página 79).
Precaución
No enchufe el cable de alimentación AC del sistema en una toma de corriente eléctrica hasta
haber realizado todas las conexiones. Asegúrese de que el TV u otros dispositivos estén
desconectados de la toma de corriente eléctrica antes de enchufar el sistema.
72

--- Page 73 ---
ES
73
Procedimientos
iniciales
5
Configuración inicial del software del sistema Realice la Configuración inicial.
Después de encender el sistema, efectúe la configuración inicial.
1
Encienda el televisor y, a continuación, cambie la entrada de
vídeo del televisor para ajustarla al conector de entrada que
utiliza el sistema PS3™.
2
Pulse el botón de encendido.
El indicador de encendido se ilumina en verde y la imagen se muestra en la
pantalla del televisor.
Indicador de Siga las instrucciones en pantalla para introducir la configuración del idioma
encendido del sistema, zona horaria, fecha y hora, y nombre de usuario.
Botón de encendido Tras completar la configuración inicial, aparecerá la pantalla para configurar
la conexión a Internet. Si sigue las instrucciones en pantalla, cuando realice
la conexión mediante un cable Ethernet, se seleccionarán automáticamente
3 los ajustes básicos. Cuando realice la conexión mediante una red LAN
Conecte el mando inalámbrico al sistema mediante un cable
inalámbrica, siga las instrucciones que encontrará en "Configuración de los
USB.
ajustes de red (inalámbrica)" ( página 87) para configurar la conexión.
4 Una vez finalizada la configuración, aparecerá el menú XMB™
Pulse el botón PS del mando.
( página 69) en la pantalla del televisor.
El sistema reconocerá el mando. Una vez reconocido el mando, aparecerá la
pantalla de configuración inicial. Notas
 Al utilizar un cable HDMI para conectar el sistema a un televisor, la pantalla
para cambiar la resolución de salida de vídeo se mostrará durante la
configuración inicial. Si selecciona [Sí] en la pantalla y, a continuación, pulsa el
botón , la resolución óptima de salida de vídeo se seleccionará
automáticamente.
 Para obtener información acerca de cómo introducir texto, consulte "Utilización
del teclado en pantalla" ( página 92).
 Los parámetros introducidos durante la configuración inicial se pueden
cambiar en (Ajustes) o (Usuarios). Para obtener más información,
consulte la guía online del usuario (http://manuals.playstation.net/document/).

--- Page 74 ---
Procedimientos iniciales
Salida de vídeo del sistema PS3™
El sistema PS3™ puede mostrar dos tipos de resoluciones: HD y SD. Consulte el manual de instrucciones del televisor que está utilizando para
comprobar el modo de vídeo compatible.
HD (Alta definición) SD (Definición estándar)
Modo de vídeo *1 1080p 1080i 720p 480p 480i *2
16:9 16:9
Formato 16:9 16:9 16:9
4:3 4:3
*1 Este número indica el número de líneas de exploración. Tenga en cuenta que "i" significa "entrelazado" y "p" significa "progresivo". El uso del modo progresivo da
como resultado vídeo de alta calidad con parpadeo mínimo.
*2 Los ajustes de salida de vídeo del sistema se mostrarán como [Estándar (NTSC)].
Pantallas que muestran la diferencia en la resolución
Pantalla.HD Pantalla.SD
74

--- Page 75 ---
ES
75
Procedimientos
iniciales
Tipos de cable de salida de vídeo
La resolución que se muestra en el televisor varía en función de los conectores de entrada del televisor y el tipo de cable que se esté utilizando.
Seleccione un cable que corresponda con el televisor que utiliza.
Tipo de cable Conector de entrada del televisor Modos de vídeo compatible*¹
Cable HDMI*2
Conector HDMI IN 1080p / 1080i / 720p / 480p
(se vende por separado)
Cable AV por Componentes C en o t n ra e d c a to d r e V I v D íd E e O o I p N o d r e CO Y MPON P E B N /C T B VID P E R O /C IN R L AUDIO IN R 1080p / 1080i / 720p / 480p / 480i*3
(se vende por separado)
componentes
Cable S VIDEO S VIDEO L-AUDIO-R
Conector S VIDEO IN 480i*3
(se vende por separado)
Cable AV Conector VIDEO IN VIDEO L-AUDIO-R
480i*3
(suministrado) (compuesto)
*1 Es posible que algunos modos de vídeo no se reconozcan según el tipo de televisor o el contenido reproducido.
Si se conecta un dispositivo no compatible con el estándar HDCP (High-bandwidth Digital Content Protection, Protección de contenido digital de alto ancho de
banda) al sistema mediante un cable HDMI, no se podrá emitir vídeo ni audio.
Discos de video Blu-ray protegidos por derechos de autor solo pueden enviar señal a 1080p utilizando un cable HDMI conectado a un dispositivo que sea
compatible con la norma de Protección de Contenido Digital de banda ancha).
*2 Conecte el sistema al televisor mediante un cable HDMI (se vende por separado). Un cable HDMI permite emitir vídeo y audio, así como disfrutar de vídeo y audio de
calidad digital.
*3 Los ajustes de salida de vídeo del sistema se mostrarán como [Estándar (NTSC)].

--- Page 76 ---
Procedimientos iniciales
3
Configuración de los ajustes de salida de vídeo Confirme la pantalla y, a continuación, pulse el botón .
Si ha cambiado el conector en el paso 2, aparecerá una pantalla para
En función del tipo de cables y conectores utilizados, es posible que confirmar el cambio.
sea necesario configurar los ajustes de salida de vídeo del sistema
4
PS3™ para emitir vídeo en alta resolución ( página 74) en un Confirme los ajustes, seleccione [Sí] y, a continuación, pulse el
televisor. botón .
Si ha cambiado el conector en el paso 2, aparecerá una pantalla para
Si el vídeo no se muestra confirmar el cambio.
 Cambie la entrada de vídeo del televisor para coincidir con la entrada del
conector utilizado para conectar el sistema.
 Apague el sistema y vuelva a encenderlo pulsando el botón de encendido
durante al menos cinco segundos (hasta que el sistema emita dos pitidos).
Los ajustes de salida de vídeo se restablecerán y el vídeo se emitirá con
resolución de definición estándar (SD).
1
Seleccione (Ajustes) (Ajustes de pantalla) [Ajustes
de salida de vídeo] y, a continuación, pulse el botón .
5
Seleccione las resoluciones compatibles con el televisor y, a
2
Seleccione el conector de entrada ( página 75) en uso en el continuación, pulse el botón .
televisor y, a continuación, pulse el botón .
La resolución mostrada en el televisor varía en función del conector de
entrada y del tipo de cable utilizado ( página 75). La resolución más alta
será seleccionada para la emisión de vídeo.
En función del conector seleccionado en el paso 2, es posible que no
aparezca esta pantalla.
Si selecciona [HDMI], tendrá la opción de escoger [Automático] o
[Personalizados] en la siguiente pantalla. En la mayoría de los casos,
seleccione [Automático], y los ajustes de salida de vídeo se completarán
automáticamente.
Si selecciona [AV MULTI / SCART], debe escoger el tipo de señal de salida en
76 la siguiente pantalla. En la mayoría de los casos, seleccione [Y Pb/Cb Pr/Cr].

--- Page 77 ---
ES
77
Procedimientos
iniciales
6 9
Confirme los ajustes, seleccione [Sí] y, a continuación, pulse el Configurar los ajustes de salida de audio.
botón . Continúe para configurar los ajustes de salida de audio. Configure los
En función del conector seleccionado en el paso 2 y las resoluciones ajustes para que se adapten al televisor o dispositivo de audio en uso.
seleccionadas en el paso 5, es posible que no aparezca esta pantalla.
Si selecciona [HDMI], tendrá la opción de escoger [Automático] o [Manual]
en la siguiente pantalla. En la mayoría de los casos, seleccione [Automático].
7
Seleccione el tipo de televisor y, a continuación, pulse el botón .
Si utiliza un cable distinto a un cable HDMI para emitir audio del televisor,
Si selecciona [Estándar (NTSC)] o [480p] en el paso 5, aparecerá una seleccione [Conector de entrada de audio / SCART / AV MULTI]. Si utiliza un
pantalla para seleccionar el tamaño del televisor. cable digital óptico para emitir audio, seleccione [Salida digital (Óptica)] y
Si selecciona [720p] o una resolución mayor en el paso 5, el tipo de televisor seleccione un formato de salida en la siguiente pantalla.
se ajustará automáticamente en 16:9 y no aparecerá la pantalla para
10
seleccionar el tamaño del televisor. Confirme los ajustes y, a continuación, pulse el botón .
Los ajustes de salida de audio se guardarán en el sistema.
8
Confirme los ajustes y, a continuación, pulse el botón .
Los ajustes de salida de vídeo se guardarán en el sistema. Notas
 Puede configurar los ajustes de salida de audio en (Ajustes)
(Ajustes de sonido) [Ajustes de salida de audio].
 Si el televisor es compatible con la visualización 3D estereoscópica, la pantalla
para ajustar el tamaño del televisor se mostrará después del paso 2. Siga las
instrucciones en pantalla para configurar los ajustes. Mediante un cable HDMI,
conecte el sistema PS3™ a un televisor compatible con la visualización 3D
estereoscópica.

--- Page 78 ---
Procedimientos iniciales
Conexión de los dispositivos de sonido digital Ejemplos de conexión de dispositivos de audio
Es posible conectar dispositivos de audio que admitan la reproducción Puede utilizar un cable HDMI o un cable digital óptico para la conexión
de audio digital, como un receptor de AV para fines de entretenimiento de dispositivos de audio al sistema PS3™.
doméstico.
Cable HDMI Cable digital óptico
Salida de audio del sistema PS3™
Los canales admitidos pueden variar en función del conector de salida
que se vaya a utilizar.
Canales que se pueden utilizar para la
Conectores de salida del sistema
salida
PS3™
2 canales 5.1 canales 7.1 canales
Cable digital
Conector AV MULTI OUT    Cable HDMI óptico para audio
Conector DIGITAL OUT (OPTICAL)    (se vende por (se vende por
separado) separado).
Conector HDMI OUT   
Notas
 Cuando conecte un dispositivo de audio digital al sistema, vaya a (Ajustes)
(Ajustes de sonido) [Ajustes de salida de audio] y configure los Dispositivo de Dispositivo de
ajustes que sean necesarios para el dispositivo de audio. audio digital audio digital
 Para emitir audio de manera simultánea de múltiples conectores, vaya a
(Ajustes) (Ajustes de sonido) [Multisalida de audio], y establezca la
opción en [Sí].
 El sistema puede emitir tanto audio como vídeo mediante un cable HDMI. Si Cable HDMI
tanto el televisor como el dispositivo de audio disponen de conectores HDMI, (se vende por Cable de salida de vídeo
para el televisor utilizado
podrá emitir la imagen del televisor al televisor a través de un dispositivo de separado)
( página 75).
audio conectado.
 Si se conecta un dispositivo al sistema PS3™ mediante un cable HDMI, no
apague el dispositivo mientras el sistema esté encendido (indicador de
encendido iluminado en verde intenso), ya que esto podría causar distorsiones
de sonido o producir sonidos anormales.
Televisor Televisor
78

--- Page 79 ---
ES
79
Encendido
y
apagado
del
sistema
PS3™
Encendido y apagado del sistema PS3™
Encendido del sistema Apagado del sistema
1 1
Pulse el botón de encendido. Pulse el botón de encendido.
El indicador de encendido se iluminará en verde intenso para indicar que el El indicador de encendido se ilumina en rojo intenso.
sistema está encendido.
Indicador de
Indicador de encendido: encendido: rojo intenso
verde intenso
Botón de encendido
Botón de encendido
2
Pulse el botón PS del mando. Aviso
Una vez asignado el número de mando, puede usarlo para controlar el Cuando el indicador de encendido esté iluminado en verde intenso o verde
sistema. parpadeante, asegúrese de cumplir con las siguientes advertencias. De no
hacerlo, se podrían producir daños o pérdida de datos o se podría dañar el
sistema.
 No desenchufe el cable de alimentación AC de la red eléctrica.
 No mueva o cambie de posición el sistema. Botón PS
Notas
 Antes de utilizar un mando inalámbrico, primero debe emparejarlo con el
sistema ( página 80).
 También puede encender y apagar el sistema PS3™ mediante el botón PS del
Estado del indicador de encendido mando inalámbrico. Si utiliza el botón PS para encender el sistema, se asignará
el número de mando al mismo tiempo. Para apagar el sistema, pulse el botón
El indicador de encendido del sistema PS3™ para ver el estado actual PS durante más de un segundo y, a continuación, siga las instrucciones en
del sistema PS3™. pantalla.
 También puede apagar el sistema PS3™ desde el menú XMB™. Seleccione
Verde intenso Sistema encendido. (Usuarios) (Apagar sistema).
Verde intermitente El sistema se está apagando.  Si no va a utilizar el sistema durante un largo período de tiempo, confirme que
el indicador de encendido esté iluminado en rojo intenso y, a continuación,
Rojo intenso Sistema apagado (en modo de espera).
desconecte el cable de alimentación AC de la toma de corriente eléctrica.

--- Page 80 ---
Uso del mando inalámbrico
Paso 2: asigne un número de mando
Preparación para su utilización
Cada vez que encienda el sistema, deberá asignar un número al
Para utilizar un mando inalámbrico, primero debe registrar o mando.
"emparejar" el mando con el sistema PS3™ y asignarle un número.
Pulse el botón PS. Todos los indicadores de puerto parpadean.
Paso.1:.empareje.el.sistema.y.el.mando.
1 2 3 4
 Cuando se utiliza por primera vez.
 Cuando se utiliza con un sistema PS3™ diferente. 
Cuando se haya asignado un número al
 mando, los indicadores de puerto del número
asignado cambiarán a rojo intenso.
Paso.2:.asigne.un.número.de.mando. 1 2 3 4
Cada vez que el sistema se enciende.
Es posible conectar hasta 7 mandos al mismo tiempo. El número del
Paso 1: empareje el sistema y el mando mando es el que se encuentra en la parte superior de los indicadores
del puerto. Para los números del 5 al 7, añada los números de los
Cuando utilice el mando por primera vez o con un sistema PS3™ indicadores encendidos.
diferente, primero deberá emparejar los dispositivos. Si enciende el
sistema y conecta el mando mediante un cable USB, el
emparejamiento finalizará. Ejemplo: se ha asignado el mando número 5.
1 2 3 4
1
Cable USB (suministrado) Verifique que el sistema esté encendido Notas
(que el indicador de encendido esté
iluminado en verde intenso).  El emparejamiento y la asignación de números del mando se pueden realizar
sólo cuando el sistema está encendido (indicador de encendido iluminado en
verde intenso).
 Cuando se utiliza un mando emparejado con otro sistema PS3™, se elimina el
emparejamiento con el sistema original. Empareje el mando con el sistema
nuevamente si el mando se ha utilizado con otro sistema.
 Si se apaga el mando o el sistema, los indicadores de puerto situados en el
mando se apagarán y se borrará el número asignado.
80

--- Page 81 ---
ES
81
Uso
del
mando
inalámbrico
Nivel de carga de la batería
Utilización del mando de manera inalámbrica
Si mantiene pulsado el botón PS durante más de un segundo, podrá
Si desconecta el cable USB, podrá utilizar el mando de forma comprobar el nivel de carga de la batería en la pantalla.
inalámbrica. Para ello, la batería del mando debe estar cargada.
Notas
 El cable USB se puede conectar o desconectar con el mando y el sistema
encendidos.
 Si el mando no funciona, pulse el botón PS y, a continuación, vuelva a asignar
el número del mando.
Carga del mando
Nivel de carga
Con el sistema encendido (indicador de encendido iluminado en verde
intenso), conecte el mando al sistema mediante un cable USB. Los
indicadores del puerto del mando parpadean lentamente y comienza la
carga. Cuando la carga se ha completado, los indicadores del puerto La batería tiene mucha carga.
dejan de parpadear.
La batería ha empezado a perder su carga.
Notas El nivel de carga de la batería es bajo.
 El mando se puede utilizar durante la carga. La batería no tiene carga. Los indicadores del puerto del mando
 Realice la carga en un lugar donde la temperatura ambiente oscile entre 10 °C parpadean rápidamente. Cargue el mando.
y 30 °C. Es posible que la carga no sea tan efectiva si se realiza en otros
entornos. Nota
 El mando no se puede cargar cuando el sistema está apagado (en modo de
En función del entorno o de las condiciones de uso, es posible que el nivel de
espera).
carga restante no se muestre correctamente y que la duración de la batería varíe.
 La batería tiene una vida útil limitada. La duración de la carga de la batería
disminuirá gradualmente con el uso y el paso del tiempo.
 La vida útil de la batería también varía en función del método de
almacenamiento, el estado de uso, el entorno y otros factores.

--- Page 82 ---
Reproducción del contenido
Blu-ray Disc (BD)/DVD/CD
1 2
Inserte el disco. Aparece un icono en el menú XMB™ y se inicia la reproducción
del disco.
Si el disco no se inicia automáticamente, seleccione el icono
El indicador de extracción
cambia a azul intenso al
correspondiente al disco en el menú XMB™ y, a continuación, pulse el botón
insertarse un disco. .
Introduzca el disco con la etiqueta
orientada hacia arriba.
Avisos
 No inserte más de un disco u objetos ajenos en la
ranura para disco, de otro modo podría causar que el
sistema no funcione adecuadamente. Expulsión de un disco
 Los discos no compatibles con el sistema no podrán
reproducirse. Detenga la reproducción y, a continuación, pulse
 Para reproducir software comercial de vídeo en BD, en el botón extraer.
ciertos casos es necesario renovar la clave de
encriptación*. La clave puede renovarse al actualizar el
software del sistema ( página 91).
* Clave AACS (Sistema de Control de Acceso Avanzado)
Botón extraer
82

--- Page 83 ---
ES
83
Reproducción
del
contenido
Reproducir contenido en dispositivos USB Avisos
 No extraiga dispositivos USB ni apague el sistema mientras se guardan,
Puede conectar dispositivos externos, como, por ejemplo, dispositivos
cargan o eliminan datos. Si lo hace, puede que los datos se pierdan o
compatibles con los de almacenamiento masivo USB, mediante un resulten dañados.
cable USB. Es posible conectar dispositivos con el sistema encendido.  Si utiliza un dispositivo de memoria USB con interruptor de protección
Consulte también las instrucciones suministradas con el dispositivo. contra escritura, no accione el interruptor cuando el dispositivo esté
conectado al sistema. Si lo hace, puede que los datos se pierdan o
resulten dañados.
1
Conecte el dispositivo USB.
Aparece un icono en la pantalla.
Formatos de archivo que se pueden reproducir o
visualizar
Entre los formatos de archivo que se pueden reproducir o visualizar en
este sistema, se incluyen ATRAC™, MP3, AAC, JPEG y MPEG-4. Para
obtener información actualizada, consulte la guía online del usuario
Dispositivo externo como, por ejemplo, una cámara digital. (http://manuals.playstation.net/document/).
2 Notas
Seleccione el icono y, a continuación, pulse el botón .
 Sólo los archivos que se pueden reproducir o visualizar en el sistema PS3™
Aparecerá una lista del contenido que se puede reproducir.
aparecen en la columna de la categoría compatible (ejemplo: los datos de
imagen aparecen en la categoría (Foto).
 En función del soporte de almacenamiento, sólo se puede mostrar un
subconjunto de las carpetas que contiene el soporte. Si selecciona [Mostrar
todo] en el menú de opciones ( página 69), se mostrarán todas las carpetas
guardadas en el soporte.
Aviso
Para más información acerca de como realizar copias de seguridad de
archivos guardados en el disco duro, consulte "Copias de seguridad de los
datos" ( página 95).

--- Page 84 ---
Jugar
Iniciar un juego
Juegos compatibles
Al insertar el disco, el juego se inicia de forma automática.
Software de formato PlayStation®3
Compatible con este sistema.*
Software de formato PlayStation®
Software de formato PlayStation®2 Incompatible con este sistema.
* No se garantiza el funcionamiento de todos los títulos de software de formato
PlayStation®. Visite www.us.playstation.com para obtener la información más
actualizada sobre el software compatible con este sistema.
Juegos
Este modelo del sistema PlayStation®3 está diseñado para reproducir E
ca
l i
m
nd
b
i
i
c
a
a
a
d o
a
r
z u
d
l
e
i n
e
t
x
e
t
n
ra
so
c c
a
ió
l
n
software de formato PlayStation®3 y tiene compatibilidad retroactiva insertarse un disco.
Introduzca el disco con la etiqueta
limitada. Este sistema no es compatible y no reproducirá software de orientada hacia arriba.
formato PlayStation®2. Es posible reproducir ciertos títulos de software
de formato PlayStation® en este sistema. Para más información, visite
www.us.playstation.com. Aviso
No inserte más de un disco u objetos ajenos en la ranura para disco, de otro
modo podría causar que el sistema no funcione adecuadamente.
Salir de un juego
Mientras juega, pulse el botón PS del mando inalámbrico. A continuación,
seleccione (Juego) (Salir del juego) para salir del juego.
Nota
Según el tipo de software, como por ejemplo, el software de formato PlayStation®,
es posible que (Salir del juego) no se muestre al pulsar el botón PS. En ese
caso, seleccione [Salir del juego] en la pantalla que se muestra.
84

--- Page 85 ---
ES
85
Jugar
Ajustes de mando Aviso
Es posible cambiar los ajustes del mando seleccionando (Ajustes)
Este sistema no reproduce software de formato PlayStation®2. Aunque cree
una Memory Card interna para software con formato de PlayStation®2, no
(Ajustes de accesorios). podrá utilizarla para jugar.
Si el software especifica el puerto de mando o el número,
Vuelva a asignar los
es posible utilizar este ajuste para asignar el puerto de
mandos Creación de Memory Card internas
mando o el número apropiado.*
Función de vibración La función de vibración puede ajustarse en Sí/No. Está
1
del mando ajustada en [Sí] de forma predeterminada. Seleccione (Juego) (Herramienta de Memory Card
* Utilizando este sistema el puerto de mando 2-D no puede ser asignado. (PS/PS2)) y, a continuación, pulse el botón .
2
Nota Seleccione (Crear nueva Memory Card interna) y, a
Puede cambiar los ajustes del mando durante la partida pulsando el botón PS. continuación, pulse el botón .
Seleccione (Ajustes) (Ajustes de accesorios) en la pantalla XMB™ o
seleccione [Ajustes de mando] en la pantalla que se muestra. 3 Seleccione [Memory Card (PS) interna] y a continuación pulse
el botón .
Datos guardados para el software de formato Siga las instrucciones en pantalla para completar la operación.
PlayStation 3
®
Asignación de ranuras
Los datos guardados para el software de formato PlayStation®3 se
guardan en el disco duro del sistema. Los datos se muestran en 1
Seleccione (Juego) (Herramienta de Memory Card
(Juego) (Herramienta de datos guardados).
(PS/PS2)) y, a continuación, pulse el botón .
2
Datos guardados para el software de formato Seleccione la Memory Card interna que desea utilizar y, a
PlayStation continuación, pulse el botón .
®
Seleccione [Asignar ranuras] y, a continuación, asigne [Ranura 1] o [Ranura 2].
Para guardar datos de software de formato PlayStation®, debe crear
Notas
Memory Card internas en el disco duro y asignarlas a las ranuras.
 En función del software, es posible que las ranuras estén asignadas
previamente. Para obtener más información, consulte las instrucciones
suministradas con el software.
 Puede asignar ranuras durante un juego. Pulse el botón PS del mando inalámbrico
y, a continuación, seleccione [Asignar ranuras] en la pantalla que aparece.

--- Page 86 ---
Configuración de los ajustes de red
Ejemplo de la configuración de una red (con cable) Ejemplo de la configuración de una red (inalámbrica)
La configuración de una red por cable requiere los elementos ,  y La configuración de una red inalámbrica requiere los elementos  y
. .
 Dispositivo de pasarela de red como,  Dispositivo de pasarela de red como,
por ejemplo, un módem DSL.*1*2  Router*3 por ejemplo, un módem DSL.*1*2  Router inalámbrico
(punto de acceso) *3*4
A la línea de Internet A la línea de Internet
 Cable Ethernet
Ordenador
Ordenador
*1 Es posible que el método de conexión varíe en función del entorno que se utilice. Por ejemplo, es posible conectar cables Ethernet directamente en la toma de
corriente en unidades de almacenamiento complejas que posean puertos LAN preinstalados. Si está utilizando dicho entorno de red, no es necesario un dispositivo
de pasarela de red.
*2 No es compatible la conexión a Internet mediante marcado telefónico (dial-up).
*3 Un router es un dispositivo que permite la conexión de varios dispositivos a una línea de Internet. Puede ser necesario disponer de un router si desea conectar un
sistema PS3™ y otro dispositivo como, por ejemplo, un PC a Internet al mismo tiempo utilizando la misma conexión a Internet. Un router no es necesario si el módem
DSL, módem de cable u otro dispositivo de red cuenta con funcionalidad de router.
*4 Un router inalámbrico es un dispositivo que añade la funcionalidad de un punto de acceso a un router. Para una configuración de red inalámbrica es necesario
disponer con la información de ajustes para el punto de acceso (SSID, clave WEB, clave WPA) ( página 88).
86

--- Page 87 ---
ES
87
Configuración
de
los
ajustes
de
red
Configuración de los ajustes de red (con cable) Configuración de los ajustes de red (inalámbrica)
1 1
Conecte un cable Ethernet (se vende por separado) al sistema. Asegúrese de que el cable Ethernet no se encuentra conectado
al sistema.
2
Seleccione (Ajustes) (Ajustes de red) [Ajustes de
2
conexión a Internet] y, a continuación, pulse el botón . Seleccione (Ajustes) (Ajustes de red) [Ajustes de
Se muestra un mensaje de confirmación sobre el cable Ethernet. conexión a Internet] y, a continuación, pulse el botón .
Se muestra un mensaje de confirmación sobre el cable Ethernet.
3
Seleccione [OK] y, a continuación, pulse el botón .
3
Seleccione [OK] y, a continuación, pulse el botón .
4
Seleccione [Fáciles] y, a continuación, pulse el botón .
4
Los ajustes básicos se ajustan automáticamente y se visualiza una lista de Seleccione [Fáciles] y, a continuación, pulse el botón .
ajustes. Si no se visualiza la lista, debe ajustar los ajustes personalizados. Los ajustes básicos se establecen automáticamente.
Consulte las instrucciones suministradas por su proveedor de servicios de
Internet para ajustar los ajustes personalizados ( página 89). 5
Seleccione [Inalámbrico] y, a continuación, pulse el botón .
5
Realice la prueba de conexión a Internet.
Si la conexión se realiza correctamente, podrá conectarse a Internet.

--- Page 88 ---
Configuración de los ajustes de red
6 9
Ajuste la configuración de la LAN inalámbrica. Realice la prueba de conexión a Internet.
Seleccione el punto de acceso que desee utilizar. Normalmente puede Si la conexión se realiza correctamente, podrá conectarse a Internet.
seleccionar [Escanear] y elegir un punto de acceso que se encuentre dentro
de los límites de su sistema. Notas
 SSID y las claves WEP/WPA son tipos de información de seguridad necesaria
El sistema busca un punto de acceso cercano.
Escanear para la conexión a un punto de acceso. Si no posee esta información, póngase
Seleccione el punto de acceso que desee utilizar.
en contacto con la persona que se encarga de la configuración o
Introducir Introduzca el SSID del punto de acceso manualmente mantenimiento del punto de acceso.
manualmente para especificarlo.
 En función del punto de acceso que utilice, es posible que necesite la
Utilice la función de ajuste automático del punto de dirección MAC para el sistema PS3™ cuando se conecte a Internet. Podrá
acceso. encontrar la dirección MAC para el sistema PS3™ si va a (Ajustes)
Puede seguir las instrucciones en pantalla para (Ajustes del sistema) [Información del sistema].
Automático* completar automáticamente los ajustes necesarios.  Al conectarse a Internet de manera inalámbrica, es posible que se produzcan
AOSS™ interferencias en la señal en función de las condiciones de uso de los
Buffalo, Inc. dispositivos de la red inalámbrica. Si la velocidad de transferencia de datos de
Internet disminuye o el controlador inalámbrico no funciona correctamente,
* Para obtener información acerca de puntos de acceso compatibles con la pruebe a utilizar una conexión a Internet por cable.
configuración automática (AOSS™), póngase en contacto con los
fabricantes del punto de acceso.
7
Modifica los ajustes de seguridad para la red inalámbrica.
Introduzca la clave de encriptación del punto de acceso. Si seleccionó
[Automático] en el paso 6, no se visualizará esta pantalla.
Ninguna La clave de encriptación no está ajustada.
WEP Introduzca la clave de encriptación. El campo de la
WPA-PSK/ clave de encriptación mostrará un asterisco (*) por cada
WPA2-PSK carácter que introduzca.
8
Compruebe los ajustes.
Aparece una lista de ajustes. Si no se visualiza la lista, debe ajustar los
ajustes personalizados. Consulte las instrucciones suministradas por su
proveedor de servicios de Internet para ajustar los ajustes personalizados
( página 89).
88

--- Page 89 ---
ES
89
Configuración
de
los
ajustes
de
red
Ajuste de DNS
Ajuste de la configuración personalizada
Permite especificar el servidor DNS. El método varía en función del
En algunos entornos de red, es posible que algunos datos de proveedor de servicios de Internet.
configuración no se ajusten automáticamente si selecciona [Fáciles].
Consulte la información que encontrará a continuación y siga asimismo El sistema obtiene la dirección del servidor DNS
Automático
las instrucciones en pantalla para ajustar la configuración automáticamente.
personalizada. Permite introducir la dirección del servidor DNS
manualmente. Permite introducir las direcciones IP del
Manual
servidor DNS primario y secundario facilitados por su
Modo de funcionamiento Ethernet
proveedor de servicios de Internet.
Permite especificar la velocidad de transferencia de datos de Ethernet
y el modo de funcionamiento. Por lo general, seleccione [Detección
MTU
automática].
Permite especificar el valor correspondiente a MTU utilizado durante la
Ajuste de dirección IP transmisión de datos. Por lo general, seleccione [Automático].
Permite especificar el método de obtención de una dirección IP al
Servidor proxy
conectarse a Internet. El método varía en función del proveedor de
servicios de Internet. Permite especificar el servidor proxy que desea utilizar. Por lo general,
seleccione [No usar].
Permite utilizar la dirección IP asignada por el servidor
Automático
DHCP.
UPnP
Manual Permite introducir la dirección IP manualmente.
Permite activar o desactivar UPnP (Universal Plug and Play). Por lo
Permite conectarse a Internet mediante PPPoE.
general, seleccione [Activar].
PPPoE Introduzca el nombre de usuario y la contraseña facilitada
por su proveedor de servicios de Internet.
Nota
Si [UPnP] está ajustado en [Desactivar], es posible que la comunicación online
Nombre del host DHCP esté restringida cuando utilice la función de chat de voz o vídeo o las funciones
de comunicación en los juegos.
Especifique el nombre de host del servidor DHCP. Por lo general,
seleccione [No establecer].

--- Page 90 ---
Conexión a Internet
Si los ajustes de la red ya están completados, el sistema PS3™ se
Visualización de la guía del usuario
conectará automáticamente a Internet cuando se encienda el sistema.
La conexión permanecerá activa siempre que el sistema esté
Puede utilizar el navegador de Internet para ver la guía online del
encendido.
usuario del sistema PS3™. Seleccione (Red) (Manuales de
instrucciones online) y, a continuación, pulse el botón .
Utilización del navegador de Internet
Manual del usuario online http://manuals.playstation.net/document/
1 Seleccione (Red) (Navegador de Internet) y, a Este manual contiene información detallada acerca de el uso del software del
continuación, pulse el botón . sistema PS3™.
Se abre el navegador de Internet. Aparece un icono de ocupado mientras se
carga la página.
Crear una cuenta PlayStation Network
®
Icono Ocupado
Al crear una cuenta PlayStation®Network, podrá disfrutar
comunicándose con sus amigos o descargar juegos o vídeos desde
(PlayStation®Store). Seleccione (PlayStation®Network)
(Inscribirse en PlayStation®Network) y, a continuación, pulse el
botón . Se mostrará la pantalla para crear una cuenta.
Operaciones básicas del navegador de Internet
Botones de dirección Mueven el cursor a un vínculo.
Joystick derecho Permiten desplazarse en la dirección que desee.
Botón L1 Permite volver a la página anterior.
Botón START Introduce una dirección.
Permite alternar entre las opciones de mostrar u Notas
Botón
ocultar el menú.  Para crear una cuenta es necesaria una conexión a Internet.
 El contenido del servicio de PlayStation®Network puede variar en función de la
región.
 También puede crear una cuenta PlayStation®Network en
90 www.us.playstation.com.

--- Page 91 ---
Actualizaciones del sistema PS3™
Mediante la actualización del software del sistema PS3™, puede añadir
Métodos de actualización
funciones o revisiones de seguridad. Actualice su sistema periódicamente
para utilizar la versión más reciente del software del sistema. ES
Puede llevar a cabo una actualización de cualquiera de las formas
Actualizaciones del software del sistema descritas a continuación.
www.us.playstation.com/ps3
Actualización a través de la red
Este sitio proporciona la información más reciente acerca de las
actualizaciones del software del sistema. Puede realizar la actualización mediante la descarga de los datos de
actualización de Internet. Las actualizaciones más recientes se
descargan automáticamente.
Seleccione (Ajustes) (Actualización del sistema) [Actualizar
mediante Internet].
Utilice los datos de actualización El software del sistema está Actualización mediante soporte de almacenamiento
para sobrescribir el software actualizado.
existente del sistema. Puede realizar una actualización mediante los datos de actualización
guardados en un dispositivo de almacenamiento masivo USB u otros
Avisos tipos de soportes.
 Durante una actualización, no desactive el sistema ni extraiga el soporte. Si
Seleccione (Ajustes) (Actualización del sistema) [Actualizar
se cancela una actualización antes de completarse, el software del sistema
puede resultar dañado y puede que se precise asistencia técnica o mediante un soporte de almacenamiento].
reemplazar el sistema.
 Durante una actualización, el botón de encendido del sistema y el botón PS Actualización mediante soportes de disco
situado en el mando están inactivos.
 En función del contenido, es posible que no pueda jugar sin primero Los datos de actualización pueden estar incluidos en los discos de
actualizar el software del sistema. algunos juegos y otro tipo de soportes en disco. Cuando reproduzca
 Después de actualizar el software del sistema, no es posible volver a una un disco que contenga datos de actualización, aparecerá una pantalla
versión anterior. para guiarle durante el proceso.
Nota
Comprobación de la versión del software del sistema Si no puede realizar una actualización en ninguna de las formas descritas
anteriormente, póngase en contacto con servicio de atención al cliente SCEA
Puede comprobar la información de la versión del software del sistema ( contraportada).
mediante la selección de (Ajustes) (Ajustes del sistema)
[Información del sistema]. La versión actual se muestra en el campo
[Software del sistema]. 91
Actualizaciones
del
sistema
PS3™

--- Page 92 ---
Utilización del teclado en pantalla
Cursor Campo de introducción de texto Muestra las opciones intuitivas Notas
 Si desea obtener más información acerca del uso del teclado en pantalla,
consulte la guía online del usuario (http://manuals.playstation.net/document/).
 También puede introducir texto mediante un teclado USB o un teclado
compatible con Bluetooth® (ambos se venden por separado). Pulse cualquier
tecla del teclado conectado para comenzar a introducir el texto cuando el
teclado en pantalla se muestre.
Lista de teclas
Las teclas que se muestran varían en función del modo de entrada y
otras condiciones.
Teclas Explicación
Teclas de operación Muestra cuando el modo Visualización del Inserta un salto de línea.
intuitivo está activado modo de entrada
Mueve el cursor.
Elimina el carácter situado a la izquierda del
Introducción de texto
cursor.
En los pasos siguientes se describe cómo introducir texto mediante la Inserta un espacio.
palabra "fun" como ejemplo.
Cambia el modo de entrada.
1 Confirma los caracteres que se han escrito y, a
Seleccione [f] en el teclado y, a continuación, pulse el botón .
continuación, cierra el teclado.
Repita este paso para los caracteres [u] y [n].
Cambia el teclado al tamaño pequeño.
2
Seleccione [Aceptar] y, a continuación, pulse el botón .
/ Inserta un símbolo o un emoticono.
Se confirman los caracteres que ha introducido.
Cambia el tipo de caracteres que se van a
/
3 introducir.
Seleccione [Aceptar] y, a continuación, pulse el botón
de nuevo. / Copia o pega texto.
Se introduce el texto y se cierra el teclado.
92

--- Page 93 ---
Control paterno
El sistema PS3™ incluye una función de control paterno. Es posible Juego
utilizar esta función para establecer una contraseña y limitar la
En la mayoría de embalajes de juegos aparece un símbolo que indica
reproducción a los niños de contenido restringido mediante un nivel de ES
control paterno (juegos, vídeos y otros contenidos). Para obtener más el grupo de edades para el que es adecuado. Los símbolos
información acerca de los ajustes de control paterno, visite nuestro sitio corresponden al nivel de control paterno de los juegos como se indica.
Web ( contraportada).
Edad
Cambio de los ajustes de seguridad
Nivel de control paterno
2 3 4 5 9 10
Es posible ajustar el nivel de control paterno para juegos, discos de juegos
Blu-ray u otros contenidos en (Ajustes) (Ajustes de
A partir de la fecha de publicación. Para mayor información, visite
seguridad).
www.us.playstation.com/support. Para obtener la información más reciente sobre el
Para cambiar el ajuste de control paterno es necesario introducir una sistema de clasificaciones ESRB, visite http://www.esrb.org.
contraseña. Es posible establecer una contraseña en (Ajustes de
seguridad) [Cambiar contraseña].
Otros ajustes de seguridad
La contraseña viene ajustada en "0000" de manera predeterminada.
A continuación se describe como es posible ajustar el control paterno
Nivel de control paterno para juegos en contenido distinto de juegos en (Ajustes de seguridad).
Puede ajustar el nivel de control paterno para juegos en (Ajustes de Al reproducir un BD con ajustes de control paterno, es
Control paterno de
seguridad) [Control paterno]. Seleccione [No] o uno de los 11 niveles. posible restringir la reproducción según la edad ajustada.
BD
En número menor, mayor restricción.
No Permite reproducir cualquier contenido sin tener en cuenta el nivel de Al reproducir un DVD con ajustes de control paterno, es
control paterno. posible restringir la reproducción según el nivel que se ha
Control paterno de
Ajuste el nivel de control paterno según el número. Tenga en cuenta ajustado.
11-1 DVD
que cuanto menor sea el número, mayor será la restricción. Seleccione [No] o uno de los ocho niveles.
Cuanto menor sea el número, mayor será la restricción.
La combinación de los niveles de control paterno del sistema PS3™ y
del contenido determina los contenidos que se pueden reproducir. Control de inicio del Es posible restringir la capacidad de iniciar el navegador
Ejemplo: si el nivel de control paterno del sistema está ajustado en [7], navegador de de Internet con una contraseña.
es posible visualizar en el sistema el contenido con un nivel del [1] al [7]. Internet
Puede ver el nivel de control paterno de un juego o vídeo descargado
desde (PlayStation®Store). Seleccione el juego o vídeo y, a Nota
continuación, pulse el botón . Desde el menú de opciones, Para más información acerca de los ajustes de control paterno para contenido y
seleccione [Información] para mostrar una pantalla con el nivel de servicios en PlayStation®Network, visite www.us.playstation.com/support.
control paterno.
93
Control
paterno

--- Page 94 ---
Cambio del disco duro
Puede cambiar el disco duro que se encuentra instalado en el sistema
Avisos
PS3™.
 Todos los discos duros, inclusive un disco duro de sistema PS3™, deben
volver a formatearse antes de su uso en un sistema PS3™.
Precaución
 Es recomendable que realice regularmente copias de seguridad de los
 Extraiga el disco duro en una ubicación fuera del alcance de niños datos del disco duro. Si, por cualquier motivo, el software o los datos se
pequeños para intentar evitar la ingesta accidental de piezas pequeñas pierden o resultan dañados, tal vez sea imposible restaurar o reparar los
como los tornillos. mismos. Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. y sus compañías subsidiarias y
 La parte inferior del sistema está caliente justo después de su uso. Deje filiales no serán consideradas responsables de los daños o lesiones que
que transcurra un tiempo para que el sistema se enfríe antes de iniciar la pudieran ocasionar la pérdida o el daño del software o los datos.
extracción del disco duro.  Puede realizar una copia de seguridad de datos guardados en el disco
 Tenga cuidado de no lesionarse al extraer o manipular la tapa del tornillo o duro en un dispositivo de almacenamiento masivo USB y restaurar datos
el disco duro. de los cuales ha hecho una copia de seguridad. Para más detalles, vea
"Copias de seguridad de los datos" ( página 95).
 Asegúrese de volver a instalar la tapa del tornillo y la tapa de la bahía del
disco duro antes de encender el sistema PS3™. Si no se instalan estas  Una extracción o instalación inadecuadas de un disco duro pueden dañar
tapas, puede producirse una acumulación de calor dentro del sistema. su sistema PS3™ y producir pérdida de datos, y también pueden anular su
garantía del hardware del sistema PS3™. SCEA no será considerada
 Para colocar o retirar tornillos, utilice un destornillador de estrella de tamaño
responsable de ningún daño resultante, incluido cualquier daño que sufra
adecuado. Si el tamaño no coincide, podría dañar la ranura de la cabeza
su disco duro. El usuario asume todos los riesgos y responsabilidades
del tornillo.
asociados con el uso de un disco duro de repuesto, incluido cualquier
problema de incompatibilidad o interoperabilidad con el sistema PS3™. No
se brindará ningún servicio a los discos duros que no sean del sistema
PS3™.
 Para ayudar a proteger su información personal, asegúrese de borrar las
contraseñas de todas las cuentas PlayStation®Network antes de entregar el
sistema PS3™ para su reparación. Para borrar una contraseña, seleccione
(PlayStation®Network) (Iniciar sesión), y de la pantalla que
aparece a continuación elimine la opción de [Guardar contraseña]. Tenga
en cuenta que si ha ajustado [Inicio de sesión automático (inicio de sesión
automático)], no se mostrará el icono de (Iniciar sesión). En ese caso,
primero deberá eliminar la opción de inicio de sesión automático. Para
eliminar la opción de inicio de sesión automático, seleccione
(PlayStation®Network) (Administración de cuentas), pulse el
botón , y seleccione [Inicio de sesión automático desactivado] del menú
de opciones. Después de desactivar la opción de inicio de sesión,
continué con la operación de eliminación de contraseña.
94

--- Page 95 ---
ES
95
Cambio
del
disco
duro
Copias de seguridad de los datos Copiar o mover datos selectivamente
Puede realizar una copia de seguridad de los datos guardados en el Es posible copiar o mover los siguientes tipos de archivos guardados
disco duro mediante uno de los métodos descritos a continuación. en el disco duro del sistema a un dispositivo de almacenamiento
masivo USB. Seleccione el archivo, pulse el botón y, a continuación,
seleccione [Copiar] o [Mover] en el menú de opciones. Para ciertos
Aviso
tipos de archivos de vídeo, es posible que tenga que seleccionar
Es recomendable que realice regularmente copias de seguridad de los datos [Crear copia de seguridad].
del disco duro. Si por cualquier motivo se produce una pérdida o daño del
software o de los datos o el disco duro debe ser inicializado durante un servicio, Tipo de archivo Destino de la copia de seguridad
puede no ser posible recuperarlos o repararlos. Sony Computer Entertainment Datos guardados de juegos; archivos Dispositivo de almacenamiento
Inc. y sus sucursales y filiales no se responsabilizan de los daños o lesiones de vídeo, música o fotografías (unidad USB Flash, etc.).
relacionadas con la pérdida o la corrupción de los datos o del software.
Notas
 Ciertos tipos de datos no se pueden copiar, mover o crear copias de
seguridad.
Hacer una copia de seguridad de datos con una sola
 Al utilizar un lector/grabador de tarjeta de memoria (con tipo de conexión USB,
operación que se vende por separado), puede realizar copias de seguridad de datos
guardados en el disco duro a un soporte de almacenamiento como, por
Puede hacer una copia de seguridad de los datos que están guardados ejemplo, un Memory Stick™ o una SD Memory Card.
en el disco duro en un dispositivo de almacenamiento masivo USB con
una sola operación. Seleccione (Ajustes) (Ajustes del sistema)
[Herramienta de copia de seguridad] y, a continuación, siga las
instrucciones en pantalla para llevar a cabo esta operación. Es posible
que no pueda realizar copias de seguridad de ciertos datos, incluyendo
ciertos datos con protección de derechos de autor.
Nota
Es posible que no pueda utilizar la herramienta de copia de seguridad para
restaurar ciertos datos. Para datos importantes a los que no pueden realizarse
copias de seguridad, se recomienda copiar o transferir los datos manualmente a
un dispositivo de almacenamiento USB antes de utilizar la herramienta de copia
de seguridad. Para más información acerca de la herramienta de copia de
seguridad, consulte la guía del usuario online
(http://manuals.playstation.net/document/).

--- Page 96 ---
Cambio del disco duro
3
Extracción del disco duro Coloque el sistema boca abajo sobre un paño suave y seco y, a
continuación, abra la tapa del tornillo.
Utilice la muesca situada sobre la tapa del tornillo para levantar ligeramente
Precaución la tapa. A continuación, gire la tapa tal como se muestra en la ilustración. Si
le resulta difícil levantar la tapa, inserte una herramienta como, por ejemplo,
 Por motivos de seguridad, asegúrese de apagar y desenchufar el sistema un destornillador de cabeza plana en la ranura y levántela con suavidad.
antes de intentar extraer el disco duro.
 Es posible que el sistema no se encuentre en una posición estable cuando
esté colocado boca abajo. Procure no lesionarse cuando extraiga el tornillo. (cid:18) (cid:19)
1
Pulse el botón de encendido para apagar el sistema.
El indicador de encendido cambiará a rojo fijo y el sistema entrará en el
modo de espera.
2
Desenchufe el cable de alimentación AC y luego desconecte
los demás cables del sistema.
Por motivos de seguridad, retire el enchufe del cable de alimentación de la
Tapa del tornillo
toma de corriente eléctrica y luego desconecte los demás cables.
96

--- Page 97 ---
ES
97
Cambio
del
disco
duro
4
Extraiga el tornillo que fija el disco duro y, a continuación, retire Avisos
la tapa de la bahía del disco duro.
El disco duro es una parte sensible del equipo, y debe manipularse con  Retire el tornillo azul con un destornillador de estrella apropiado.
cuidado en todo momento. Para ayudar a evitar que el software o los datos
 Deslice la tapa de la bahía del disco duro hacia la izquierda y, a se pierdan o resulten dañados, o que se dañe el disco duro, siga
continuación, extráigala. atentamente las precauciones que aparecen a continuación:
 No aviente o deje caer el sistema o el disco duro, de lo contrario podría
(cid:18)
exponer el sistema a vibraciones o impactos físicos.
 No permita que penetren líquidos ni partículas pequeñas en el sistema ni
(cid:19) en el disco duro.
 No toque los conectores ni inserte objetos extraños en ellos.
 No coloque el sistema ni el disco duro cerca de campos magnéticos como
los producidos por imanes o altavoces. No coloque cerca del disco duro
ningún dispositivo que pueda ser sensible a fuerzas magnéticas (como un
reloj de pulsera o una tarjeta magnética).
 No coloque objetos pesados sobre el disco duro.
 Al manipular el disco duro, sosténgalo por los bordes o por el armazón
Tapa de la bahía del disco metálico.
duro  El disco duro es sensible a la electricidad estática. Asegúrese de usar los
métodos de manipulación adecuados al instalar el disco duro.
5
Extraiga el disco duro.  Guárdelo en una ubicación fresca y seca.
Tire del asa hacia arriba y, a continuación, extraiga el disco duro del sistema.
Sustitución del disco duro
Precaución
Por motivos de seguridad, asegúrese de apagar y desenchufar el sistema
antes de intentar reemplazar el disco duro.
Al volver a colocar el disco duro, siga el procedimiento que aparece a
continuación para extraer el bastidor metálico.

--- Page 98 ---
Cambio del disco duro
1 4
Utilice un destornillador de estrella para extraer los tornillos Coloque el disco duro de repuesto en el armazón metálico del
(4 anclajes). disco duro del sistema PS3™ y luego fíjelo utilizando los
tornillos (4 anclajes).
No apriete los tornillos en exceso.
5
Instale el disco duro en el sistema.
Consulte las instrucciones de la sección "Extracción del disco duro"
( página 96) y siga los pasos del procedimiento de instalación en orden
inverso. Asegúrese de insertar completamente el disco duro en la bahía del
disco duro.
6
Reinstale el software del sistema.
2 Después de sustituir el disco duro, debe reinstalar el software del sistema
Sujete el disco duro por los bordes y, a continuación, déle la
( página 99).
vuelta.
Discos duros de repuesto
Puede usar discos duros de los siguientes tipos con el sistema PS3™.
Tamaño 2,5 pulgadas (tipo interno)*1
Sujételo firmemente por la Formato de interfaz Serial ATA*2
abertura de uno de los lados
para evitar que le resbale. *1 No se garantiza un funcionamiento correcto.
*2 ATA paralelo no compatible.
3
Extraiga el disco duro del armazón metálico.
(cid:19)
(cid:18)
98

--- Page 99 ---
ES
99
Cambio
del
disco
duro
Reinstalación del software del sistema Notas
 Utilice la versión más reciente de los datos de actualización que se encuentre
Si el software del sistema no se inicia al encender el sistema (como, disponible en el sitio web. No puede reinstalar el software del sistema mediante
por ejemplo, cuando ha cambiado el disco duro), aparecerá una una versión anterior a la versión del software del sistema utilizado
anteriormente. Si los datos de actualización adecuados no están disponibles
pantalla en el sistema como la que se muestra abajo. En tal caso, debe
en el sitio Web, póngase en contacto con el servicio de atención al cliente
reinstalar el software del sistema usando los datos de actualización
SCEA ( contraportada).
descargados.
 Si dispone de un disco de juego u otro disco que contenga datos de
actualización, es posible que puede utilizar el disco para reinstalar el software
del sistema. Si inserta el disco en el sistema PS3™ y sigue las instrucciones en
pantalla, puede comprobar si es posible utilizar los datos de actualización.
 Para obtener detalles sobre la instalación del software del sistema, consulte la
sección "Actualización del uso de una PC" en nuestro sitio Web:
www.us.playstation.com/ps3.
 El software del sistema que se incorpora con este producto está sujeto a una
licencia limitada de Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. Consulte
http://www.scei.co.jp/ps3-eula para obtener más información.
Instalación del software del sistema
Encienda el sistema PS3™ y, a continuación, inserte el soporte de
almacenamiento que contiene los datos de actualización. Siga las
instrucciones que aparecen en pantalla para reinstalar el software del
Descarga de los datos de actualización del software
sistema.
del sistema
Avisos
Utilizando un PC con acceso a Internet, descargue los datos de
actualización del software del sistema desde el siguiente sitio web.  No apague el sistema o extraiga el dispositivo de almacenamiento durante
Siga las instrucciones disponibles en el sitio web para copiar los datos la instalación. Si la instalación se cancela antes de completarse, el software
del sistema puede quedar dañado, y el sistema puede requerir servicio de
de actualización del PC al soporte de almacenamiento.
asistencia técnica o ser reemplazado.
www.us.playstation.com/ps3  Durante la instalación, el botón de encendido del sistema y el botón PS del
mando inalámbrico no están activos.

--- Page 100 ---
Cambio del disco duro
Restauración de datos de los que se ha realizado una
copia de seguridad
Puede restaurar los datos de los que se ha realizado copia de
seguridad mediante uno de los siguientes métodos.
Restaurar datos con una sola operación
Puede restaurar datos de los que haya hecho una copia de seguridad
con una sola operación, seleccione (Ajustes) (Ajustes del
sistema) [Herramienta de copia de seguridad]. Conecte el
dispositivo de almacenamiento masivo USB que contiene los datos de
los que se ha realizado una copia de seguridad y, a continuación, siga
las instrucciones en pantalla para realizar esta operación.
Notas
 Es posible que no pueda utilizar la herramienta de copia de seguridad para
restaurar ciertos datos.
 Para obtener más información acerca de la herramienta de copia de
seguridad, consulte la guía online del usuario
(http://manuals.playstation.net/document/).
Restauración de datos seleccionados
Puede restaurar archivos manualmente mediante el menú de opciones
del archivo. Conecte el dispositivo de almacenamiento masivo USB
que contiene el archivo, seleccione el archivo que desea restaurar y, a
continuación, pulse el botón . Seleccione [Copiar] o [Mover] en el
menú de opciones.
Nota
Ciertos tipos de datos no se pueden copiar, mover o crear copias de seguridad.
100

--- Page 101 ---
Transferencia de datos a otro sistema PS3™ / restauración del sistema
ES
101
Transferencia
de
datos
a
otro
sistema
PS3™
/
restauración
del
sistema
Una vez completada la operación y después de reiniciar el sistema,
Transferencia de datos a otro sistema PS3™
aparecerá la pantalla de configuración inicial. Siga las instrucciones en
pantalla para efectuar la configuración inicial del software del sistema
Puede transferir datos guardados en el disco duro de un sistema PS3™
( página 73).
(sistema de origen) al disco duro de otro sistema PS3™ (sistema
destinatario) seleccionando (Ajustes) (Ajustes del sistema)
[Herramienta de transferencia de datos]. Eliminación de datos de la unidad de disco duro
Aviso Para borrar todos los datos del disco duro del sistema y restablecer los
ajustes actuales de (Ajustes) a sus ajustes predeterminados,
Al realizar esta operación, se eliminarán todos los datos guardados en el
seleccione (Ajustes) (Ajustes del sistema) [Restablecer
sistema PS3™ que reciba los datos (el sistema destinatario).
sistema PS3™].
Para detalles acerca de como usar la herramienta y sus limitaciones, consulte
la guía del usuario online http://manuals.playstation.net/document/ Para reducir el tiempo necesario para realizar esta operación,
seleccione [Formato rápido] en la lista de opciones de formateo del
disco duro. Es recomendable que seleccione [Formato completo]
Restauración del sistema PS3™ cuando formatee un disco duro que contenga datos importantes o
confidenciales. Una vez completada la operación y después de
reiniciar el sistema, aparecerá la pantalla de configuración inicial. Siga
Avisos las instrucciones en pantalla para efectuar la configuración inicial del
 Si restaura los ajustes predeterminados o restaura el sistema PS3™, no software del sistema
podrá deshacer los cambios realizados. En caso de producirse daños en ( página 73).
los datos o la pérdida de estos, será responsabilidad exclusiva del usuario.
 No apague el sistema PS3™ durante esta operación. Si se cancela la
operación antes de completarse, es posible que el software del sistema se Antes de deshacerse del sistema PS3™ o de
dañe y que éste necesite ser reparado o sustituido. transferirlo
 Durante esta operación, el botón de encendido de la parte frontal del
sistema y el botón PS del mando inalámbrico están inactivos. Antes de deshacerse o transferir el sistema, se recomienda que la
 Esta función no permite utilizar una versión anterior del software del información personal u otros datos similares se eliminen. Para eliminar
sistema. datos, vaya a (Ajustes) (Ajustes del sistema) [Restablecer
sistema PS3™].
Restauración de los ajustes predeterminados Es recomendable que seleccione [Formato completo] cuando
aparezca la pantalla de selección del método de formateo del disco
Para restablecer los ajustes actuales de (Ajustes) a sus ajustes duro durante la restauración del sistema. Aunque es posible reducir el
predeterminados, seleccione (Ajustes) (Ajustes del sistema) tiempo del formateo mediante la función [Formato rápido], es posible
[Restablecer ajustes predeterminados]. que pueda restaurar los datos eliminados en determinados casos si
utiliza una herramienta especial.

--- Page 102 ---
Antes de solicitar asistencia técnica
Consulte esta sección si tiene problemas a la hora de utilizar el sistema Configure los ajustes de entrada de vídeo en el televisor para
PS3™. Si algún problema no se soluciona póngase en contacto con el coincidir con el conector de entrada utilizado para conectarlo al
servicio de atención al cliente SCEA ( contraportada) para obtener sistema PS3™.
ayuda. Si los ajustes de salida de vídeo del sistema no coinciden con los
del cable o los del televisor que se están utilizando, es posible que
no se visualice la imagen. Si la pantalla se queda en blanco,
Alimentación
apague el sistema. A continuación, solo con el sistema y el televisor
conectados, pulse el botón de encendido del sistema durante más
El sistema no se enciende. de 5 segundos para volver a encender el sistema. Los ajustes de
Compruebe que el cable de alimentación AC está conectado salida de vídeo se restablecerán automáticamente a la resolución
firmemente en el sistema y en la toma de corriente eléctrica. de definición estándar (SD).
Al pulsar el botón de encendido, el sistema emite múltiples pitidos La imagen aparece distorsionada.
y luego se apaga el indicador de encendido. Compruebe que el cable esté conectado firmemente. Intente
La temperatura en el interior del sistema se está volviendo desconectar el cable del sistema PS3™ o del televisor y vuelva a
demasiado elevada. Compruebe si se está usando el sistema en un conectarlo.
entorno demasiado caliente. Asegúrese que las rejillas no estén
bloqueadas y que exista un flujo de aire adecuado alrededor del El disco Blu-ray Disc (BD) o DVD no puede reproducirse, o bien la
sistema. Pulse el botón de encendido (el indicador de encendido imagen aparece distorsionada.
cambiará a rojo intenso). Espere un momento y luego vuelva a Al visualizar el contenido de DVD o el software de formato
encender el sistema. PlayStation®3 con resolución de definición estándar (SD), solo se
podrán reproducir los discos grabados en el estándar NTSC.
Si se conecta el sistema a una videograbadora, la codificación de
Imagen
la protección contra copia de algunos BD y DVD puede provocar la
distorsión de las imágenes o que éstas se vuelvan más claras u
No aparece ninguna imagen en la pantalla del televisor. oscuras. En tales casos, conecte el sistema directamente al
Compruebe que el cable se ha conectado firmemente. Intente televisor. Es posible que también observe un efecto similar si utiliza
desconectar el cable del sistema PS3™ o del televisor y volver a una unidad combinada de televisor y videograbadora.
conectarlo.
Si el código de región del BD o del DVD no coincide con el
Es posible que exista un problema con el cable AV que está ajustado en el sistema, éste no podrá reproducirse. Para obtener
utilizando. Intente usar otro cable que sea compatible con el más información, consulte "Códigos de región" ( página 110).
sistema PS3™.
102

--- Page 103 ---
ES
103
Antes
de
solicitar
asistencia
técnica
Algunos DVD presentan restricciones de control paterno El tamaño de la pantalla no puede modificarse con determinados
predeterminadas. Introduzca la contraseña definida en (Ajustes contenidos de vídeo.
de seguridad) para aumentar temporalmente el nivel de control
paterno. El color de la pantalla no parece estar bien.
Si graba contenido de vídeo en soportes DVD-R, DVD-RW, DVD+R Si se configura con los ajustes predeterminados, el color de fondo
o DVD+RW mediante un dispositivo como una grabadora de DVD, cambiará cuando cambien la hora, el día y el mes.
debe finalizar el soporte antes de reproducirlo en el sistema PS3™.
Finalice el soporte mediante el dispositivo de grabación.
Audio Algunos BD presentan restricciones de control paterno
predeterminadas. Introduzca la contraseña establecida en
(Ajustes de seguridad) para cambiar el nivel de control paterno. No hay sonido.
Es posible que el BD esté bloqueado. Introduzca la contraseña Compruebe que la función de silenciamiento del televisor o de los
establecida al crear el disco. altavoces esté desactivada. Asimismo, compruebe que el volumen
esté ajustado en un nivel adecuado.
Consulte también los avisos del apartado "Discos que pueden
reproducirse" ( página 109). Si se conecta un dispositivo de audio, compruebe la configuración
del mismo. Para obtener más información, consulte las
Algunos BD no se pueden reproducir. instrucciones suministradas con el dispositivo de audio.
Para reproducir software de vídeo en BD disponible en el mercado, Es posible que exista un problema con el cable AV que está
en ciertos casos es necesario renovar la clave de encriptación para utilizando. Intente usar otro cable que sea compatible con el
AACS (Sistema de Control de Acceso Avanzado). La clave de sistema PS3™.
encriptación puede renovarse al actualizar el software del sistema. Algunas aplicaciones de software no admiten la salida de audio
digital.
El tamaño de la imagen del vídeo y la pantalla del televisor no
Si los ajustes de salida de audio del sistema no se ajustan al cable
coinciden.
AV o al dispositivo, es posible que el sistema no emita sonido.
Es posible que los ajustes del televisor conectado y los ajustes de Compruebe que los ajustes del sistema en (Ajustes)
salida de vídeo del sistema no coincidan. Compruebe lo siguiente: (Ajustes de sonido) [Ajustes de salida de audio] sean los
 Compruebe que los ajustes del sistema en (Ajustes) correctos.
(Ajustes de pantalla) [Ajustes de salida de vídeo] sean los Es posible que determinados contenidos que admiten los formatos
correctos. Dolby Digital, DTS y otros, no reproduzcan audio desde todos los
 Compruebe que la configuración del televisor es correcta. Para canales.
obtener más información, consulte las instrucciones suministradas
con el televisor.

--- Page 104 ---
Antes de solicitar asistencia técnica
Los archivos de música no se reproducen. Si conecta el sistema a un router, ajuste primero la configuración
inicial en el router. Una vez haya completado los ajustes del router,
Es posible que los métodos de reproducción estén limitados para
seleccione (Ajustes) (Ajustes de red) [Ajustes de
algunos archivos de música que se distribuyen a través de Internet.
conexión a Internet] [Fáciles] para intentar realizar los ajustes de
En estos casos, es posible que el contenido no pueda reproducirse
red de nuevo. Si desea obtener más información acerca de la
en el sistema PS3™.
configuración del router, consulte las instrucciones suministradas
con este.
Red
Se muestra el mensaje [Se ha agotado el tiempo del intento de
obtener una dirección IP.] durante la prueba de conexión a Internet.
No se puede establecer la conexión a la red.
Si desconecta el cable Ethernet que se utiliza para establecer la
Si está utilizando una conexión alámbrica, compruebe que el cable
conexión con un dispositivo, como un PC, y lo vuelve a conectar al
Ethernet esté correctamente conectado.
sistema, debe reiniciar tanto el sistema como el módem. Después
Compruebe que la configuración de la red sea correcta. Consulte el de reiniciar ambos dispositivos, seleccione (Ajustes)
manual de instrucciones suministrado por el proveedor de servicios (Ajustes de red) [Ajustes de conexión a Internet] [Fáciles]
de Internet o el manual de instrucciones del software para realizar para actualizar los ajustes de red. Si desea obtener más
la configuración de red correcta. información acerca del reinicio del módem, consulte las
instrucciones suministradas con este.
Se muestra el mensaje [Se ha producido un error durante la Si está utilizando una conexión inalámbrica, es posible que la clave
comunicación con el servidor. Se ha producido un error de DNS. WEP sea incorrecta. Compruebe que dispone de la clave WEP
(80710102)] durante la prueba de conexión a Internet. correcta y vuelva a introducirla.
Si conecta el sistema a un módem que no posea la función de
router (módem puente), es posible que necesite configurar los Se muestra el mensaje [El nombre de usuario o la contraseña de
ajustes PPPoE. Seleccione (Ajustes) (Ajustes de red) PPPoE no son correctos.] durante la prueba de conexión a Internet.
[Ajustes de conexión a Internet] [Personalizados] para comenzar Introduzca el nombre de usuario y la contraseña de PPPoE
a configurar la conexión a Internet. Siga configurando los ajustes
correctos. Si no conoce el nombre de usuario y la contraseña,
hasta que aparezca la pantalla de ajuste de la dirección IP.
póngase en contacto con su proveedor de servicios de Internet.
Seleccione [PPPoE] y, a continuación, introduzca el nombre de
usuario y la contraseña que le ha proporcionado su proveedor de
La página web no se visualiza correctamente.
servicios de Internet.
Puede que en algunas páginas web cierto contenido, como
contenido que requiere un software específico, no se reproduzca
correctamente.
104

--- Page 105 ---
ES
105
Antes
de
solicitar
asistencia
técnica
Discos y dispositivos USB Al conectar un dispositivo USB aparece el mensaje [Se ha
detectado la conexión de un dispositivo USB desconocido.]
Es posible que el dispositivo conectado no sea compatible con el
El sistema no reconoce el disco.
sistema o la aplicación de software.
Extráigalo y vuelva a insertarlo.
Es posible que el dispositivo sólo sea compatible con software
Si el disco tiene una etiqueta, insértelo con ésta orientada hacia
específico. Utilice software compatible con el dispositivo.
arriba.
Puede que haya demasiados concentradores USB conectados.
Compruebe si el disco está rayado o sucio. Si está sucio, límpielo
Intente extraer un concentrador USB.
cuidadosamente con un paño suave.
Consulte también los avisos del apartado "Discos que pueden
reproducirse" ( página 109). Mando inalámbrico
El disco no puede extraerse.
El mando inalámbrico no funciona.
Pulse el botón extraer durante 10 segundos o más para expulsar el Al utilizar el mando inalámbrico, debe emparejarlo con el sistema y
disco. Después de sacar un disco y antes de reinsertarlo en el
asignarle un número de mando. Con el sistema encendido (el
sistema, apague el sistema y luego enciéndalo nuevamente para
indicador de encendido se encuentra en verde intenso), conecte el
volver a usarlo.
sistema y el mando con el cable USB y, a continuación, pulse el
botón PS en el mando.
El sistema no reconoce el dispositivo USB o el dispositivo USB no
Es posible que el número del mando se haya eliminado. Pulse el
funciona correctamente.
botón PS en el mando para reasignar el número.
Compruebe que el dispositivo se ha insertado correctamente.
Con algunos tipos de software, es posible que necesite utilizar un
Es posible que el dispositivo conectado no se pueda utilizar con el
número de mando especificado. Consulte el manual del software
sistema.
que utilice.
Intente utilizar un conector USB distinto en el sistema PS3™. Es
Compruebe el nivel de carga de la batería del mando inalámbrico.
posible que el dispositivo no sea reconocido en función de la
Si se utiliza el mando en modo inalámbrico, no funcionará si la
combinación de conectores USB.
batería está descargada. Conecte el mando al sistema mediante el
En algunos casos, es posible que el sistema no reconozca el cable USB para cargar la batería.
dispositivo si se utiliza un concentrador USB externo o se conectan
más dispositivos de los asignados. Intente desconectar los
dispositivos que no se utilicen.

--- Page 106 ---
Antes de solicitar asistencia técnica
Si no puede utilizar el mando incluso después de comprobar los La respuesta a la operación de los botones es lenta.
elementos mencionados anteriormente, pulse el botón de reinicio
La velocidad de respuesta puede ser lenta en una pantalla LCD o
situado en la parte posterior del mando con un objeto puntiagudo
en la pantalla de un ordenador. No se trata de un fallo de
como, por ejemplo, un bolígrafo para intentar reiniciar el mando
funcionamiento.
inalámbrico.
Botón de La batería no se carga o no se recarga completamente.
reinicio La batería solo se puede cargar cuando el sistema está encendido
(indicador de alimentación iluminado en verde intenso).
Consulte "Batería del mando inalámbrico" ( página 111).
La carga de la batería dura poco.
El mando inalámbrico funciona de manera anormal. Es posible que la batería esté desgastada. La duración de la
Pulse el botón de reinicio situado en la parte posterior del mando batería disminuirá gradualmente con el uso y el paso del tiempo.
Consulte "Batería del mando inalámbrico" ( página 111).
con un objeto puntiagudo como, por ejemplo, un bolígrafo para
intentar reiniciar el mando inalámbrico.
La carga de la batería del mando inalámbrico se agota con el
El mando inalámbrico no vibra tiempo aunque éste no se utilice.
Compruebe que está utilizando un mando inalámbrico La carga de la batería del mando se agota lentamente incluso si
DUALSHOCK®3. El mando inalámbrico SIXAXIS® no vibra. éste no se utiliza. Es recomendable que cargue la batería del
mando con frecuencia.
Intente seleccionar (Ajustes) (Ajustes de accesorios)
[Función de vibración del mando] y, a continuación, intente
ajustar [Función de vibración] en [Sí].
Otros problemas
El software puede no ser compatible con la función de vibración.
Consulte el manual del software. Para el software descargado
El sistema emite ruidos.
desde (PlayStation®Store), consulte la información de aviso de
Cuando utilice el sistema en una ubicación en la que pueda
compatibilidad que se incluye en la descripción del software online.
generarse calor, como en un armario cerrado destinado a equipos
de audio y vídeo, sobre una alfombra o un cojín, o cerca de una
pared (a una distancia máxima de 10 cm de la pared), el ventilador
interno girará a gran velocidad para reducir la temperatura del
sistema, por lo que podría generarse más ruido. Traslade el sistema
a una ubicación con buena ventilación.
106

--- Page 107 ---
ES
107
Antes
de
solicitar
asistencia
técnica
En función de la utilización de un disco como, por ejemplo, la copia La pantalla se ha bloqueado. El sistema no funciona.
de un CD de audio al disco duro o el inicio de software desde un
Desconecte todos los accesorios como dispositivos USB del
disco, es posible que el ruido del disco sea más alto de lo normal.
sistema y, a continuación, reinicie el sistema. Si pulsa el botón de
Además, es posible que algunos tipos de software generen más
encendido durante 15 segundos o más, el sistema se apagará
ruido en los discos que otros. (pasa a modo de espera). Tras apagarlo, vuelva a encender el
sistema.
Ha olvidado su contraseña de ajustes de seguridad.
Si restaura el sistema mediante (Ajustes) (Ajustes del El indicador de encendido parpadea en rojo y verde
sistema) [Restablecer ajustes predeterminados], la contraseña alternativamente.
volverá a ser "0000". Sin embargo, tenga en cuenta que los ajustes
Es posible que la temperatura del interior del sistema se haya
distintos de los correspondientes a la contraseña también se
calentado demasiado. Comúnmente esto se debe al entorno de
restablecerán. Una vez restablecidos los ajustes, no podrán
operación. Compruebe si el sistema se está usando en una
recuperarse.
ubicación caliente. Asegúrese de que las rejillas de ventilación no
estén bloqueadas y que el flujo de aire alrededor del sistema sea el
El sistema se calienta.
adecuado. Si el sistema sigue usándose en las condiciones
El sistema puede calentarse al utilizarlo o permanecer encendido. anteriores dejará de funcionar. Apague el sistema y no lo use hasta
No se trata de un fallo de funcionamiento. que se enfríe. Cuando el sistema se haya enfriado, vuelva a
encenderlo.
La pantalla se congela durante el juego.
Compruebe que el disco no esté rayado o sucio. Si está sucio, El sistema no reconoce el contenido.
límpielo con cuidado con un paño suave. Es posible que el formato del contenido no sea compatible con el
Si tiene datos de juego para software de formato PlayStation®3 sistema. El sistema no reconoce los tipos de contenido no
instalado, intente eliminar los datos de juego y volver a instalar el compatibles. Para obtener información acerca de los formatos
software. Seleccione (Juego) (Herramienta de datos de compatibles, consulte la guía online del usuario
juego), pulse el botón y elimine los datos de juego mediante el (http://manuals.playstation.net/document/).
menú de opciones. A continuación, vuelva a instalar el software de
formato PlayStation®3. Tenga cuidado de no eliminar los datos
guardados del juego.

--- Page 108 ---
Especificaciones
El diseño y las especificaciones están sujetos a modificaciones sin previo aviso. Tipo: Semiconductor, continuo
La información sobre la funcionalidad del sistema y las imágenes publicadas en BD Longitud de onda 400 - 410 nm
este documento pueden variar de lo que aparece en su sistema PS3™, en Alimentación Máx. 17,5 mW
función de la versión del software del sistema que utilice. Láser DVD Longitud de onda 655 - 664 nm
Alimentación Máx. 2,6 mW
CD Longitud de onda 770 - 800 nm
Sistema PlayStation 3 Alimentación Máx. 4,0 mW
®
Alimentación 120 V AC, 60 Hz
CPU Cell Broadband Engine™ Consumo de energía Aprox. 230 W
GPU RSX™ Dimensiones externas Aprox. 290 × 65 × 290 mm
Salida de audio Dol L b P y C D M ig i 7 ta .1 l c P h lu , s D , o D lb o y lb D y i T g r i u ta e l, H D, (sin incluir la pieza más saliente) ( ( 1 a 1 n , c 5 h × ur a 2 , × 6 × al t 1 u 1 ra ,5 × p u lo lg ng ad itu a d s) )
DTS, DTS-HD, AAC Peso Aprox. 3,0 kg (6,6 lb)
Memoria RAM principal XDR de 256 MB, Temperatura de funcionamiento Entre 5 ºC y 35 ºC (41°F - 95°F)
256 MB GDDR3 VRAM
*1 Capacidad del disco duro calculada mediante matemáticas de base 10 (1GB
Disco duro 2,5" Serial ATA 160 GB*1*2
= 1.000.000.000 bytes). El software del sistema de este sistema PS3™ calcula
Entradas/ USB de alta velocidad
2 la capacidad mediante matemáticas binarias (1GB = 1.073.741.824 bytes) lo
salidas*3 (USB 2.0) que dará como resultado una capacidad y espacio libre inferiores. La
Ethernet (10BASE-T, 100BASE-TX, diferencia entre los valores mostrados no supone ninguna diferencia en el
1000BASE-T) × 1 número real de bytes.
Redes
IEEE 802.11 b/g *2 Una parte de la capacidad del disco duro está reservada para la
Bluetooth® 2.0 (EDR) administración, mantenimiento u opciones adicionales del sistema. Esto puedo
Mando Mando inalámbrico (Bluetooth®) ocurrir al instalar software del sistema u otro software. Como resultado, la
Resolución 1080p, 1080i, 720p, 480p, 480i disponibilidad de capacidad del disco duro puede variar dependiendo del
sistema, versión del software del sistema u opciones disponibles, y no se
Conector HDMI OUT*4 1
encuentra disponible para su utilización.
Conector AV MULTI
Salida de AV 1 *3 No está garantizado el funcionamiento de todos los dispositivos conectados.
OUT
*4 Compatible con "3D", "Deep Color", "x.v.Color" y "audio sin pérdida en HD".
Conector DIGITAL OUT
1
(OPTICAL)
Unidad de BD/ Velocidad de lectura BD × 2 (BD-ROM)
DVD/CD DVD × 8 (DVD-ROM)
(sólo lectura) máxima CD × 24 (CD-ROM)
108

--- Page 109 ---
ES
109
Especificaciones
Mando inalámbrico DUALSHOCK 3
® Discos que pueden reproducirse
Tipo de batería Batería integrada recargable de iones de litio
Para obtener información adicional acerca de los tipos de soporte compatibles,
Tensión 3,7 V de cc visite nuestra página Web en www.us.playstation.com.
Capacidad de la batería 610 mAh
Peso Aprox. 180 g (6,4 oz.)
BD-ROM con formato PlayStation®3
BD-ROM
Blu-ray Disc (BD)
BD-R
Cable AV y cable USB suministrados
BD-RE*1
Cable AV Fabricante: SONY DVD-ROM
Número de pieza: 1-838-149-11 DVD+R/RW
Cable USB Fabricante: SONY DVD DVD-R/RW
Número de pieza: 1-833-625-12 AVCHD
Disco DSD
BRAVIA™ Sync CD-ROM con formato PlayStation®*2
CD CD-DA (CD de audio)*3
CD-R/RW
*1 No se admite la reproducción de discos BD-RE versión 1.0.
*2 Este modelo del sistema PlayStation®3 está diseñado para reproducir software
"BRAVIA™ Sync" es una función de producto Sony que permite utilizar los
mandos a distancia de las televisiones BRAVIA™ (productos Sony Corporation)
de formato PlayStation®3 y tiene compatibilidad retroactiva limitada. Este
con varios aparatos conectados entre ellos, a través de cables HDMI. BRAVIA™
sistema no es compatible y no reproducirá software de formato PlayStation®2.
Sync utiliza las señales de control transferidas a través de las conexiones HDMI.
Es posible reproducir ciertos títulos de software de formato PlayStation® en este
sistema. Para más información, visite www.us.playstation.com.
Si quiere activar la función BRAVIA™ Sync, vaya a (Ajustes) (Ajustes
del sistema) [Control por HDMI], y seleccione [Sí]. Si quiere obtener más *3 La reproducción de discos Super Audio CD no es compatible.
información consulte la guía online del usuario
(http://manuals.playstation.net/document/) y las instrucciones proporcionadas
con los productos BRAVIA™.
Nota
Esta función solo se puede utilizar en aparatos compatibles con BRAVIA™ Sync.
No se garantiza la compatibilidad con todos los aparatos que cumplan con las
especificaciones de HDMI CEC.

--- Page 110 ---
Especificaciones
Códigos de región  No utilice discos dañados, a los que se les haya cambiado la forma ni
reparados. El uso de este tipo de discos puede provocar un fallo de
En función del disco, es posible que tenga asignado un código de región que
funcionamiento.
está basado en la región geográfica en la que se distribuye el disco. Este sistema
puede reproducir discos marcados con los siguientes códigos de región.  Si utiliza un disco de 8 cm, insértelo en el sistema sin un adaptador.
 La función de reproducción de CD de audio de este sistema está diseñada
Disco Código de región para cumplir con el estándar para discos compactos (CD). Recientemente,
algunas compañías discográficas comenzaron a comercializar discos de
Blu-ray Disc (BD) música codificados con tecnologías de protección de derechos de autor.
Algunos de estos discos de música no cumplen con el estándar CD y
posiblemente no puedan reproducirse en este sistema.
DVD ALL
 Un DualDisc es un disco de dos caras que combina una cara con formato DVD
y otra con formato de audio. Tenga en cuenta que no se garantiza que la cara
BD-ROM con formato PlayStation®3 d
es
e
p
a
e
u
c
d
if
i
i
o
c a
p
c
u
i
e
o
d
ne
a
s
r e
e
p
x
r
ig
o
i
d
d
u
a
c
s
i r
p
s
a
e
r
,
a
d
u
a
n
d o
d i
q
s
u
c
e
o
e
c
s
o
t
m
e
p
ti
a
p
c
o
t o
d e
(C
d
D
is
)
c
d
o
e
s
a
n
u
o
d
c
io
u
.
mple con las
 Si se conecta un dispositivo no compatible con el estándar HDCP (High-
CD-ROM con formato PlayStation® bandwidth Digital Content Protection, Protección de contenido digital de banda
ancha) al sistema mediante un cable HDMI, no se podrá emitir vídeo ni audio.
 Discos de video Blu-ray protegidos por derechos de autor solo pueden enviar
DVD y software de formato PlayStation 3 señal a 1080p utilizando un cable HDMI conectado a un dispositivo que sea
®
compatible con la norma de Protección de Contenido Digital de banda ancha).
 Al reproducir el contenido de DVD o el software de formato PlayStation®3 con
resolución SD, sólo se podrán reproducir los discos grabados en el estándar  Cuando utilice el conector del sistema AV MULTI OUT para conectarse a un TV,
NTSC. es posible que las resoluciones para emitir los vídeos protegidos por derechos
de autor provenientes del BD o de ficheros de vídeo sean limitadas o que no
 Cuando se reproduce software para formato PlayStation®3 con resolución HD,
sean emitidas.
es necesario un televisor que admita la reproducción de video a 59,94 Hz.
 Al reproducir discos con contenido copiado de manera fraudulenta, es posible
que se produzcan sonidos anormales o que el contenido no se reproduzca
Discos DVD-R/DVD-RW/DVD+R/DVD+RW
correctamente.
No se podrán reproducir los discos que no se hayan finalizado.  Para disfrutar la reproducción continua de discos BD protegidos por derechos
de autor, en algunos casos es necesario renovar la clave de encriptación
Avisos AACS (Advanced Access Control System). Para renovar la clave, debe realizar
una actualización del software del sistema.
 Utilice únicamente discos circulares con el sistema. No utilice discos con
 Algunos discos posiblemente no puedan reproducirse a causa de arañazos,
formas irregulares (por ejemplo, discos con formas de corazón o estrella). El
polvo, la calidad de la grabación o las características del dispositivo de
uso de discos con formas irregulares puede provocar un fallo de
grabación.
funcionamiento.
110

--- Page 111 ---
ES
111
Especificaciones
 En raras ocasiones, es posible que los discos CD, DVD, BD y otros soportes no
Cuando se deshaga del mando inalámbrico
funcionen adecuadamente cuando se reproducen en el sistema PS3™. Esto se
debe principalmente a las variaciones del proceso de fabricación o a la
La batería de iones de litio del mando inalámbrico es reciclable.
codificación del mismo.
Cuando se deshaga del mando inalámbrico, extraiga la pila y siga las
normativas locales relativas al desecho de las pilas.
Batería del mando inalámbrico
Extracción de la batería
Precaución
Precaución
 Si el material procedente de la fuga de una batería entra en contacto con su
piel, lleve a cabo las acciones siguientes:  Extraiga la batería en un lugar fuera del alcance de los niños para evitar la
– Si el material le entra en los ojos, no se los frote. Enjuáguese ingestión accidental de piezas pequeñas como, por ejemplo, los tornillos.
inmediatamente los ojos con agua limpia y solicite asistencia médica.  Al extraer la cubierta del mando, tenga cuidado de no dañarse las uñas o
– Si el material entra en contacto con la piel o la ropa, aclare los dedos.
inmediatamente la zona afectada con agua limpia. Póngase en contacto  Por razones de seguridad, adhiera un trozo de cinta adhesiva o precinto a
con su médico si sufre una inflamación o dolores. la parte metálica de la pila antes de desecharla.
 No permita que la batería entre en contacto con el fuego ni la exponga a
temperaturas extremas como bajo la luz solar directa, en vehículos
Aviso
expuestos al sol o cerca de fuentes de calor.
Salvo cuando se disponga a deshacerse del mando inalámbrico, nunca
Vida útil de la batería del mando inalámbrico extraiga los tornillos ni la batería del mismo.
 La batería tiene una vida útil limitada. La duración de la batería disminuirá
gradualmente con el uso y el paso del tiempo. 1
Desconecte el cable USB del mando inalámbrico.
 La vida útil de la batería también varía en función del método de
almacenamiento, el estado de uso, el ambiente y otros factores. 2
Utilice un destornillador de estrella para extraer los tornillos (5
lugares).
Almacenamiento
Cuando no utilice el mando inalámbrico durante un período de tiempo
prolongado, es recomendable que lo cargue por completo al menos una vez al
año para mantener la funcionalidad de la batería.

--- Page 112 ---
Especificaciones
3 Extraiga la cubierta inferior. RECICLADO DE BATERÍAS DE IONES DE LITIO
 Presione en la dirección de la flecha. Las baterías de iones de litio son reciclables.
 Retire la cubierta inferior. Usted podrá ayudar a conservar el medio ambiente devolviendo
las baterías usadas al punto de reciclaje mas cercano.
Para más información sobre el reciclado de baterías, llame al
número gratuito 1-800-822-8837, o visite http://www.rbrc.org/
Precaución
No utilice baterías de iones de litio dañadas o con fugas.
4
Tras desconectar el conector, extraiga la batería.
Conector
Batería
112

--- Page 113 ---
ES
113
GARANTÍA
DEL
HARDWARE
Y
RESPONSABILIDAD
LIMITADAS
GARANTÍA DEL HARDWARE Y RESPONSABILIDAD LIMITADAS
Sony Computer Entertainment America (SCEA) garantiza al comprador original ESTA GARANTÍA SE ENTREGA EN LUGAR DE CUALQUIER OTRA
que cada uno de los productos que constituyen este sistema PS3™ estará exento GARANTÍA, EXPRESA O IMPLÍCITA, INCLUIDAS LAS GARANTÍAS DE
de defectos en el material y la mano de obra durante un período de un (1) año a COMERCIABILIDAD E IDONEIDAD PARA UN FIN DETERMINADO DEL
partir de la fecha de compra (el "Período de garantía"). Si se determina que uno o HARDWARE PS3™, TODAS LAS CUALES SE RECHAZAN POR EL
más de los productos identificados anteriormente son defectuosos durante el PRESENTE DOCUMENTO. SIN EMBARGO, SI DICHAS GARANTÍAS SON
Período de garantía, la responsabilidad de SCEA estará limitada a la reparación o NECESARIAS DE ACUERDO CON LA LEY, ÉSTAS ESTARÁN LIMITADAS EN
sustitución de dicho producto por un producto recertificado por el fabricante, a DURACIÓN AL PERÍODO DE GARANTÍA.
elección de SCEA. En el marco de esta Garantía limitada, "recertificado por el
fabricante" se refiere a un producto cuyas especificaciones se han restablecido a SU ÚNICO RECURSO EN EL CASO DE DISCONFORMIDAD O DAÑO
las originales. Debe visitar www.us.playstation.com/support o llamar al PRODUCTO DEL USO DEL HARDWARE PS3™, ASÍ COMO LA MÁXIMA
1-800-345-7669 para recibir una autorización de retorno e instrucciones de envío. RESPONSABILIDAD DE SCEA, SE LIMITARÁ A LA REPARACIÓN O LA
SUSTITUCIÓN DEL SISTEMA PS3™.
ESTA GARANTÍA NO SE APLICARÁ SI ESTE PRODUCTO: (A) SE UTILIZA
CON PRODUCTOS QUE NO SEAN COMPATIBLES CON ESTE PRODUCTO; EXCEPTO EN EL MODO EXPRESADO ANTERIORMENTE, EN NINGÚN CASO
(B) SE UTILIZA PARA FINES COMERCIALES (INCLUIDO EL ALQUILER); (C) SCEA SERÁ RESPONSABLE DE PÉRDIDA DE DATOS, PÉRDIDA DE
O SE MODIFICA O MANIPULA; (D) RESULTA DAÑADO POR MOTIVOS DE BENEFICIOS, O CUALQUIER OTRA PÉRDIDA O DAÑO SUFRIDOS POR
FUERZA MAYOR, MAL USO, ABUSO, NEGLIGENCIA, ACCIDENTE, USTED O POR TERCEROS, TANTO SI DICHOS DAÑOS SON DIRECTOS,
DESGASTE Y ROTURA, USO NO RAZONABLE U OTRAS CAUSAS NO INDIRECTOS, DERIVADOS, ESPECIALES O INCIDENTALES, POR
RELACIONADAS CON MATERIALES O MANO DE OBRA DEFECTUOSOS; (E) CUALQUIER MOTIVO, DE ACUERDO CON CUALQUIER TEORÍA JURÍDICA,
TIENE EL NÚMERO DE SERIE ALTERADO, DEFORMADO O BORRADO; O (F) RELACIONADO CON SU USO DEL HARDWARE PS3™. ALGUNOS ESTADOS
TIENE EL SELLO DE GARANTÍA DEL SISTEMA PS3™ MODIFICADO, O PROVINCIAS NO PERMITEN LA LIMITACIÓN DEL PERÍODO DE DURACIÓN
DEFORMADO O BORRADO. ESTA GARANTÍA NO CUBRE PRODUCTOS DE UNA GARANTÍA IMPLÍCITA Y ALGUNOS ESTADOS NO PERMITEN LA
VENDIDOS "TAL CUAL" O CON TODOS LOS DEFECTOS, NI CONSUMIBLES EXCLUSIÓN O LIMITACIONES DE DAÑOS INCIDENTALES O DERIVADOS,
(POR EJEMPLO, BATERÍAS). ASIMISMO, ESTA GARANTÍA TAMBIÉN PODRÁ POR LO QUE ES POSIBLE QUE DICHAS LIMITACIONES O DICHA
SER ANULADA POR SCEA SI (1) SCEA CONSIDERA, DE FORMA EXCLUSIÓN NO SE APLIQUEN A DETERMINADOS USUARIOS.
RAZONABLE, QUE EL SISTEMA PS3™ SE HA UTILIZADO DE ALGÚN MODO
QUE VIOLA LOS TÉRMINOS Y CONDICIONES DE UN CONTRATO DE
Esta garantía le otorga derechos legales específicos, aunque también puede
LICENCIA PARA EL USUARIO FINAL SEPARADO PARA EL SISTEMA DE
contar con otros derechos que varíen entre estados o provincias. Esta garantía es
SOFTWARE: SE UTILIZA CON UN PRODUCTO QUE NO SEA VENDIDO O NO
válida únicamente en los Estados Unidos y Canadá.
TENGA EL PERMISO DE SCEA (INCLUIDOS, SIN LIMITACIÓN, DISPOSITIVOS
SIN LICENCIA QUE SIRVAN PARA MEJORAR LOS JUEGOS, MANDOS,
La garantía ofrecida por Sony Computer Entertainment America para el sistema
ADAPTADORES Y DISPOSITIVOS DE SUMINISTRO DE ENERGÍA). USTED
PS3™ es la misma independientemente de que registre el producto o no.
ASUME TODOS LOS RIESGOS Y RESPONSABILIDADES ASOCIADOS CON
EL USO DE PRODUCTOS DE TERCEROS. PARA BENEFICIARSE DE LA
GARANTÍA, DEBERÁ PRESENTAR UNA PRUEBA DE COMPRA EN FORMA
DE RECIBO DE COMPRA O FACTURA DE UN DISTRIBUIDOR AUTORIZADO,
Y QUE INCLUYA LA FECHA DE COMPRA ORIGINAL.

--- Page 114 ---
GARANTÍA DEL HARDWARE Y RESPONSABILIDAD LIMITADAS
Esta garantía no se aplica a ningún software del sistema que esté Excepto que la Garantía del hardware y responsabilidad limitadas anteriores
preinstalado en el hardware PS3™, o que se suministre posteriormente indiquen algo distinto, acepta que (i) los servicios brindados se
mediante actualizaciones o nuevas versiones del software. La licencia de proporcionan "TAL CUAL", sin ninguna garantía expresa o implícita; y (ii)
dicho software del sistema se le otorga de acuerdo con los términos y SCEA no será responsable de ningún daño directo e indirecto, incidental o
condiciones de un contrato de licencia para el usuario final que se encuentra especial, lo que incluye cualquier daño que pueda deberse a pérdida de
en http://www.scei.co.jp/ps3-eula/, y dicho software se suministra con su datos o funciones. La anterior limitación se aplicará en la máxima medida
propia garantía. permitida por la ley aplicable.
Política de asistencia técnica
Usted comprende y acepta que en cualquier momento que SCEA le brinda
asistencia técnica para su sistema PS3™ (tanto dentro del Período de garantía
como de acuerdo con un contrato de servicios distinto), es posible que SCEA
deba proporcionar ciertos servicios o reparaciones a su sistema PS3™ para
garantizar su correcto funcionamiento de acuerdo con las directrices de SCEA.
Dichos servicios pueden incluir la instalación de la actualización más reciente del
software o el firmware, o la reparación o sustitución del disco duro del sistema
PS3™ o del sistema PS3™ por un producto nuevo o recertificado de fábrica.
Usted reconoce y acepta que algunos servicios pueden cambiar sus ajustes
actuales, provocar que se pierdan pegatinas decorativas o máscaras del
sistema, originar una pérdida de datos o de contenido, o resultar en la pérdida
de algunas funciones. Es necesario que realice copias de seguridad de su disco
duro regularmente para evitar la pérdida de sus datos, aunque no es posible
realizar copias de seguridad de ciertos contenidos, por lo que deberá volver a
instalarlos. Asimismo, deberá extraer cualquier periférico, componentes que no
sean del sistema PS3™ y todo aquel contenido que considere de derechos
reservados, privado o confidencial, antes de enviar su sistema PS3™ para una
reparación. SCEA no será considerada responsable de aquellos daños producto
de su incumplimiento de lo anterior o de cualquier instrucción que le facilite
SCEA. SCEA se reserva el derecho a no realizar el servicio técnico o anular la
garantía de cualquier sistema PS3™ que haya sido modificado o manipulado.
114

--- Page 115 ---
ES
115
Derechos
de
autor
y
marcas
comerciales
Derechos de autor y marcas comerciales
" ", "PlayStation", "SIXAXIS" y "DUALSHOCK" son marcas comerciales Contains Macromedia® Flash® Player technology by Adobe
registradas de Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. Asimismo, " " y " " son Copyright © 1995-2008 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved. Flash,
marcas comerciales de dicha compañía. Macromedia, and Macromedia Flash are either trademarks or registered
trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and/or other
countries.
"XMB" y "xross media bar" son marcas comerciales de Sony Corporation y de
Sony Computer Entertainment Inc.
"SONY" y " " son marcas comerciales registradas de Sony Corporation. "Memory
Stick", "Memory Stick Duo", " ", "ATRAC", "BRAVIA" logo, "BRAVIA" y el nombre
"x.v.Color" y su logotipo son marcas comerciales o marcas comerciales
registradas de Sony Corporation.
" " and AOSS™ are the trademarks of BUFFALO INC.
© 2006 All Media Guide, LLC
Content and technology provided by All Media Guide®.
"AVCHD" and "AVCHD" logo are trademarks of Panasonic Corporation and Sony
Corporation.
"Blu-ray Disc" and are trademarks.
Copyright © 2004-2006 Cambridge Silicon Radio Ltd.
The Bluetooth® word mark and logos are owned by the Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and
any use of such marks by Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. is under license.
Other trademarks and trade names are those of their respective owners.

--- Page 116 ---
Derechos de autor y marcas comerciales
DivX, DivX Certified y los logotipos correspondientes son marcas comerciales de Manufactured under licence from Dolby Laboratories. Dolby and the double-D
DivX, Inc. usados bajo licencia. symbol are trademarks of Dolby Laboratories.
U.S. and foreign patents licensed from Dolby Laboratories.
DLNA and DLNA CERTIFIED are trademarks and/or service marks of Digital
Living Network Alliance. The DVD logo is a trademark.
Manufactured under license under U.S. Patent #'s: 5,451,942; 5,956,674;
5,974,380; 5,978,762; 6,226,616; 6,487,535 & other U.S. and worldwide patents
All of the Japanese fonts and some parts of the Latin fonts in this machine use
issued & pending.
characters provided by Fontworks Japan, Inc.
DTS is a registered trademark and the DTS logos, Symbol, DTS-HD and DTS-HD
Master Audio are trademarks of DTS, Inc.
© 1996-2008 DTS, Inc. All Rights Reserved. HDMI, the HDMI logo and High-Definition Multimedia Interface are trademarks or
registered trademarks of HDMI Licensing, LLC.
ATOK is a registered trademark of JUSTSYSTEM CORP. in Japan and other
countries.
116

--- Page 117 ---
ES
117
Derechos
de
autor
y
marcas
comerciales
Anti-Grain Geometry - Version 2.0 Java and all Java based trademarks and logos are trademarks or registered
Copyright © 2002-2004 Maxim Shemanarev (McSeem) trademarks of Sun Microsystems, Inc. in the U.S. and other countries.
Permission to copy, use, modify, sell and distribute this software is granted
provided this copyright notice appears in all copies.
This software is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty, and with no
claim as to its suitability for any purpose.
This product includes RSA BSAFE® Cryptographic software from RSA Security
Inc.
RSA, BSAFE are either registered trademarks or trademarks of RSA Security Inc.
@(#)fdlibm.h 1.5 95/01/18
in the United States and/or other countries.
RSA Security Inc. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 1993 by Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved
Developed at SunSoft, a Sun Microsystems, Inc. business.
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software is freely granted,
provided that this notice is preserved.
MPEG Layer-3 audio coding technology and patents licenced from Fraunhofer IIS
and Thomson.
This product adopts S3TC texture compression technology under licence from S3
Graphics, Co., Ltd. Mp3Surround audio coding technology and patents licensed from Fraunhofer IIS,
Thomson, and Agere.
The USB-IF Logos are trademarks of Universal Serial Bus Implementers Forum,
Inc.

--- Page 118 ---
Derechos de autor y marcas comerciales
eZiText® and Zi® are registered trademarks of Zi Corporation.
Portions of this software are copyright © 1996-2008 The FreeType Project
(www.freetype.org). All rights reserved.
This software is based in part on the work of the Independent JPEG Group.
Visite el sitio web http://www.scei.co.jp/ps3-license/index.html para obtener
información acerca de otros titulares de licencia y marcas comerciales.
Todas las demás marcas comerciales pertenecen a sus respectivos propietarios.
118

--- Page 120 ---
Online user's guide Manual del usuario online
http://manuals.playstation.net/document/ http://manuals.playstation.net/document/
This guide contains detailed information about using the PS3™ system software. Este manual contiene información detallada acerca de el uso del software del
sistema PS3™.
System software updates
Actualizaciones del software del sistema
www.us.playstation.com/ps3
www.us.playstation.com/ps3
This site provides the latest information about system software updates.
Este sitio proporciona la información más reciente acerca de las actualizaciones
PlayStation 3 official site del software del sistema.
®
www.us.playstation.com/ps3
Sitio oficial de PlayStation 3
®
The official site for PlayStation®3 products provides the latest information about
www.us.playstation.com/ps3
software titles and hardware accessories.
El sitio oficial para los productos de PlayStation®3 proporciona la información más
Support reciente acerca de los títulos de software y accesorios de hardware.
www.us.playstation.com/support
Soporte
The official site for PlayStation® product support provides the latest questions and
www.us.playstation.com/support
answers about your product. If you have questions about this product, call our
technical support line at 1-800-345-7669. El sitio oficial para soporte de productos PlayStation® proporciona las preguntas y
respuestas más recientes acerca de su producto. Si tiene alguna pregunta
relacionada a este producto, póngase en contacto con nuestro servicio de
asistencia técnica, llamando al 1-800-345-7669.
© 2010 Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. All rights reserved. Printed in China

